name:X‍i‍h‍u‍a‍n‍x‍i‍y‍a‍n‍g‍y‍a‍n‍g
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:2.5
posted:Posted October 5, 2022
msg:It's not a good experience, the air conditioner keeps making a harsh sound, I called the front desk, and I didn't send a master to look at it. I replied that there is only a standard room for changing rooms. If you think about the trouble of changing, just bring headphones to listen to music and sleep for a while. Then when I was going to sleep, the spotlight at the head of the bed couldn't be turned off. The light was extremely bright, and the light could penetrate under the quilt. I tried N methods and it didn't work, so I had to call the front desk again. Fortunately, a maintenance master came this time. The master is very professional. After a while of checking and beating for repairs, the lights were turned off at night and the air conditioner was quiet. I could sleep well, but it was already past 1 o'clock in the middle of the night.
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Other
info:10 Reviews
rating:1
posted:Posted October 3, 2022
msg:Checked into the hotel, wanted to drink a cup of tea, saw a teapot on the table (the hotel emphasizes that it is a real purple clay pot), turned on the faucet (the strength of the water spray, about less than 5 seconds), and the lid of the pot automatically cracked, and told the hotel truthfully, Hope they improve the service provided. Conclusion: The hotel deducted 200 yuan through the platform and said it was indemnity. The reason was that they washed their pots and failed to communicate with them for many times, so they wanted to ask three questions. ① Telling the hotel truthfully is to remind the hotel that it should improve its services and prevent the follow-up. The problem cuts through the hand of the guest. If you want to cheat, why do you need to act foolishly. Why can this hotel be so unreasonable? ②The hotel deducted 200 yuan through the platform. Why did Ctrip directly deduct the money instead of contacting me? Although Ctrip has always put the interests of the hotel over the interests of consumers, you Ctrip now even seem to protect consumers' rights and interests. Don't put it on? ③I have doubts about the price of 200 yuan for the teapot. I hope that the hotel refused to provide the teapot purchase invoice as the price basis. Is there a difference between the internal purchase price and the external claim? Ctrip also said that my request could not support me. Is it so naked?
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:1.5
posted:Posted October 3, 2021
msg:The room is very spacious and has a sofa bed, but it is completely unqualified as a high-end hotel. Children kick the quilt and need an extra quilt. They have to pay extra for the reason of having more beds. It doesn't matter. The next day's breakfast is 8 Arrived at :50, there was almost nothing, no coffee, no milk for children, no cups, found the management at the door of the restaurant, no sense of service at all, said she was not from the kitchen, and asked customers to go to the kitchen to ask for milk , it took more than 10 minutes before and after, and finally I went to the kitchen to ask for it. The point is that there are at least 4-5 restaurant waiters standing next to it, and I completely ignored it. The main reason is that the occupancy rate of the restaurant is less than 30%, and the management is very serious. The problem is that there is basically no food to eat at all, and I even charged two children, one of whom was 58. Later, a leader in a gray shirt responded to the problem with him, but he did not deal with it, nor did he come to his seat to explain the situation. Leaders are like this, no wonder the restaurant management is in a mess, and the food is full of anger. Later, he went out to eat out, went down to check out, and responded to this problem. The front desk kept laughing. It is estimated that many people responded, and then the front desk manager was called. Called out, this manager may be the most service-minded person in the entire hotel, with a better attitude, but it is estimated that the problem of the hotel restaurant cannot be solved by her. The restaurant is really badly reviewed. , more than 200 express hotels are better than this
----------------------------------------
name:H‍u‍i‍g‍u‍i‍z‍i‍r‍a‍n‍L‍i‍l‍y
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 17, 2021
msg:The hotel is clean, hygienic and comfortable. The guest rooms are spacious and bright. When you open the curtains, you can see the green hills in the distance. The reception staff was warm and thoughtful, and Li Fang, the lobby manager, personally sent us into the guest room. There is a display of Zisha works in the reception lobby, which makes people feel the a**osphere of the city's Zisha culture at once. The breakfast is not a five-star luxury, but it should be considered the best in this place in Yixing, and it can be considered richer. Give praise.
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:1
posted:Posted October 10, 2022
msg:Expensive, poor room
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 1, 2021
msg:🧹Sanitation: clean and tidy
🚗 Transportation: convenient
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍a‍n‍g‍y‍u
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Couples
info:12 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 26, 2024
msg:酒店位於丁蜀鎮中心，是當地標準最高的住宿、宴請場所。與宜興最早建成的龍溪公園隔一條街道。距離陶瓷博物館、蜀山南街不遠。大堂金碧輝煌，有當代幾位著名工藝美術大師的工作室。房間面積約50平米，有中央空調和新風系統。二樓餐廳的裝修極具地方特色，吊燈、餐枱、操作枱很養眼。
早餐挺豐富，有黑米、餛飩、燒麥等宜興丁蜀當地食物。
服務熱情，大堂經理小李給升級房間，幫助拿行李到客房，並熱情介紹當地景點，推送位置。
----------------------------------------
name:B‍a‍j‍i‍e
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted June 10, 2024
msg:位置不錯的賓館，樓層高，雖老式裝修，服務也在線。到達的時候服務經理李芳接待的，告訴我們可以去吃本地人去的周震餛飩（煎餃和餛飩真的很好吃）。賓館早餐有本地特色的烏飯。樓下的停車場寬敞，適合電車充電，特來電1.18一度電，比高速服務區便宜。出去玩的時候，爬山到高處，依然一眼能看見紫砂賓館，應算是本地的賓館第一高了。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 12, 2024
msg:每次來宜興衹認準紫砂賓館，沈美萍經理給我的感覺就像是家人，每次都安排的妥妥貼貼，所以有家人朋友來交給她安排就特別省事省心，酒店環境整潔，停車方便，洗漱用品質量都很好，酒店的早餐也是特別豐富，同價格酒店還是首選紫砂賓館
----------------------------------------
name:R‍o‍n‍g‍y‍a‍t‍o‍u
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 2, 2024
msg:以前住過，所以這次來宜興還是豪不猶豫的選了這家，李芳服務相當好，不光幫我們拿東西送我們進房間，還儘量滿足我們所提的需求，服務給滿分，下次來還住紫砂
----------------------------------------
name:C‍h‍i‍x‍i
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Business travelers
info:13 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 16, 2024
msg:設施：雖然是老酒店，但是房間設施保養的還行。除了地毯。
衞生：乾淨，浴缸也很乾凈，這個沒得説。

環境：大堂高大上，配套也很齊全。
服務：前台和客房服務員都很熱情。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted February 27, 2024
msg:紫砂賓館是丁蜀鎮的老牌五星酒店，大堂氣派，特別是陳列着好多名家的紫砂壺，讓人大開眼界，是賓館的一大特色，早餐品種豐富，房間比較大，但設施比較老，那天晚上外面迎財神爆竹聲聲一直末停，隔音不好，一直末睡着，酒店服務還不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Solo travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 8, 2024
msg:紫砂賓館，極具文化特色的賓館。
賓館寬敞明亮的大廳和走廊有精彩的紫砂作品成列展覽，工藝大師工作室是賓客參觀、茶歇的好地方。四十平米的客房更是值得一提，非常乾淨舒適。
感謝李志主任、芳芳經理熱情接待，感謝前台、客房、餐廳的良好服務。
----------------------------------------
name:d‍a‍r‍e‍m‍i
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:很舒服的房間，層高高房間大隔聲好，在網上定的時間衹有標間了，到酒店問前台是否可以加床時，前台小姐姐細心幫我查到還有親子房別人退訂的，還貼心給我們選到一個適合男孩的米奇親子房，Anna還把我們送到房間，不錯的體驗！
----------------------------------------
name:F‍o‍d‍e‍j‍i‍a‍o‍l‍i‍s‍h‍a‍n‍g‍y‍i‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 1, 2024
msg:房間乾淨衞生  早餐豐富  餐廳的東西也好吃😋 還送了紫砂小茶寵  工作人員態度熱情周到  特別是大堂李志經理  真正做到讓顧客賓至如歸！非常感謝！下次再來入住的不二選擇！
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Couples
info:43 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted May 16, 2024
msg:房子比較大，乾淨，設定有些老舊。房價有些高。在丁山應該是比較好的一家賓館啦！賓館邊上的高記私房菜不錯，所以住這裏比較方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 17, 2024
msg:酒店大堂裏有很多紫砂陳列，商務出差沒時間也可以欣賞當地特色紫砂壺。酒店服務人員很熱心陪同到房間，介紹了房間設施情況，還有歡迎的一碟水果和一個紫砂小物件。早餐可選性很多，豐盛好吃。
----------------------------------------
name:D‍o‍n‍g‍f‍a‍n‍g‍h‍o‍n‍g‍y‍u‍t‍a‍n‍s‍u‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Couples
info:60 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 26, 2024
msg:房間超大，服務員熱情送客人到房間，有歡迎水果和小禮品，大廳陳列的紫砂壺飽人眼福，到的那天還有紫砂壺拍買會。早餐好吃。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Solo travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 5, 2024
msg:酒店很好，吃飯逛街都很方便，對面還是個電影院。酒店服務很不錯，還幫忙調整了大床房型，非常感謝。比較推薦
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 14, 2024
msg:酒店位置好，在紫砂壺核心產區屬於最高檔的，大堂陳列着很多精品壺，值得品鑒；房間非常大，我們訂的標間，實際上相當於套房。感覺酒店的大堂和房間，比攜程上的宣傳照片要好一些。
前台工作人員很熱情，李先生為我們參觀中國陶瓷博物館提供了寶貴訊息，芳芳女士春節期間為我們居住提供便利，在此一併謝過。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍o‍m‍i‍n‍r‍a‍n‍r‍a‍n
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2024
msg:酒店位置在鎮中心，交通方便，房間很好，大堂李先生很熱情，有不明白的，李先生都能幫助並介紹的很詳細！
----------------------------------------
name:T‍a‍i‍h‍u‍f‍e‍n‍g‍z‍h‍u
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted January 24, 2024
msg:這一家十幾年前叫上海飯店，後來才改成紫砂賓館，宣傳彰顯紫砂文化是其特色。應該是陶都市中心最高的建築了。酒店大堂設有幾個展櫃展示一些紫砂和陶瓷作品。
房間空間相當大氣，衞生整潔。但是中央空調不給力，尤其是這兩天零下5到7度的情況下，開足了也衹能維持20度左右。還有歡迎水果略顯敷衍。衞生間並未設定那種面部護理的翻轉小鏡子。早餐品種是豐富的。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Couples
info:7 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted April 13, 2024
msg:大堂陳列不錯，有紫砂壺等展品。房間面積還可以，有贈送歡迎水果，但隔音效果很不好，早餐配置水準感覺沒到家五星級酒店的標準。
----------------------------------------
name:W‍o‍s‍h‍i‍l‍a‍o‍y‍u‍a‍n‍g‍o‍n‍g
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:13 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 4, 2024
msg:房間大哦，40到45平。
接待非常熱情，親自帶我們檢查房間入住，還還小孩申請了免費早餐
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 29, 2023
msg:來宜興必住紫砂賓館！品質性價比兼具。有個叫李芳的小姐姐人美用心服務到位，一路從一樓大堂幫忙拿行李送進房間，細心解説設施使用還貼心的時送上水果～
房間很大，中西式早餐都很齊全！送的紫砂紀念品也特別可愛！
----------------------------------------
name:A‍i‍c‍h‍i‍l‍a‍d‍e‍l‍a‍m‍a
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 6, 2024
msg:酒店交通方便，離博物館很近，去蜀山古南街、東坡書院等都很方便，吃飯也很方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 10, 2024
msg:酒店的裝修雖然不是很現代，但是衞生環境服務都可圈可點，特別是接待我們家的沈美萍女士，服務細緻，給我們安排了房間升級，贈送了小朋友的伴手禮，客房也安排了歡迎水果。向前台另外兩位服務人員詢問合適小朋友的出遊地點時，也是得到了超級耐心、細緻的回答。雖然在入住期間發生了小插曲，但是酒店工作人員反應及時，處理問題毫不妥協責任，沒有影響到我們一家旅行的心情。如果下次再來宜興，依舊會選擇這家酒店。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Family
info:22 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 15, 2023
msg:非常喜歡的一個酒店，温馨的接待，前台熱情，沈美萍女士還親自送到房間，並給孩子準備了洗漱用品和小拖鞋，水果盤和小豬豬茶寵，讓孩子愛不釋手。

再次感謝攜程，感謝紫砂賓館，感謝所有的服務人員。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 11, 2024
msg:酒店硬件設施好，早餐也不錯，環境安靜，出行便利，離景區很近，酒店服務周到，李先生介紹很詳細，還送到房間，超級贊
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 5, 2023
msg:我聽當地人説，這家酒店以前名叫上海賓館。賓館總體頗有氣勢，住宿條件實在不錯，前台沈總非常非常熱情。尤其值得稱道的是，賓館六樓有個很大規模的紫砂體驗館，我帶着孩子在裏面體驗了用製備好的紫砂泥做了一個杯子，感覺特別好。另外，賓館中餐廳裏的涼菜鳳爪特別特別好吃。後來還專門打包一份帶回上海。感恩遇見。祝老闆生意興隆。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 30, 2024
msg:房間狀況很好  前廳沈美萍姐姐給我們安排了一間樓層比較高的房間   房間有安排水果（還有一個迷你特產-小茶寵）  開窗就能環視周邊環境  酒店樓下的河床綠道早起還可以跑步，晚上休息很安靜，旅遊出差的極佳之選。
----------------------------------------
name:F‍e‍n‍n‍u‍d‍e‍h‍e‍x‍i‍e
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2024
msg:還幸運的得到了一個玩偶。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Friends
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 3, 2023
msg:晚上9:00到，大堂很氣派，二列紫砂壺展示一下把我們吸引了。特別感謝李志先生的引領服務，一直把我們送到房間。再次詢問服務的時候也能很快上來。下次來還住紫砂賓館
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍i‍y‍u‍n
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 8, 2024
msg:節假日攜全家旅遊，偶然選了紫砂賓館，地處於丁蜀鎮中心位置，遊玩吃飯都非常方便，客房面積比較寬敞，酒店的服務意識也很強，住了兩天，酒店客房服務響應快捷，尤其前台李先生服務周到，從入住到住宿期間，有求必應。退房也很快速。完全解除了我入住前看到之前網上負面評價的一些小顧慮。
酒店是老的五星酒店，設施更新還OK，缺點也有，就是房間隔音效果一般。
----------------------------------------
name:H‍e‍n‍g‍h‍e‍n‍g‍d‍a‍i‍w‍a‍n‍g‍_
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Couples
info:4 Reviews
rating:2.2
posted:Posted May 2, 2024
msg:我在這家酒店的入住體驗並不盡如人意。首先，我注意到房間內的冰箱存在製冷問題。儘管我嘗試調整冰箱的温度設定，但它始終無法提供足夠的冷卻效果，導致我無法保存易腐食品，給我的住宿帶來了極大的不便。
其次，房間內的某些設施出現了損壞情況。例如，我發現燈光的遙控器按鍵不靈敏，需要多次按壓才能生效。此外，房間內的水龍頭也存在漏水現象，這不僅影響了我的用水體驗，也造成了水資源的浪費。
最後，我不得不提到的是，酒店的整體設施顯得比較老舊。雖然基本的住宿需求能夠得到滿足，但床鋪、沙發和窗簾等物品的磨損程度較高，給人一種不太舒適的感覺。此外，房間內的裝修風格也顯得過時，缺乏現代感。
綜上所述，我在這家酒店的入住體驗並不理想。冰箱不製冷、設施損壞以及設施老舊等問題都給我的住宿帶來了諸多不便。我希望酒店方面能夠重視客人的反饋，對這些問題進行及時的整改和升級，以提升客人的住宿體驗。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 27, 2024
msg:酒店不錯，李先生的服務也很棒，房間都很乾凈。
----------------------------------------
name:L‍i‍u‍z‍h‍u‍s‍h‍u‍n‍j‍i‍a‍n‍s‍h‍i‍g‍u‍a‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Other
info:27 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 19, 2024
msg:房間不錯，服務到位。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 11, 2024
msg:房間很大，很乾凈，李先生服務很好，下次還會再來入住！
----------------------------------------
name:D‍e‍r‍u‍i‍t‍a‍y‍a‍n‍g‍s‍u
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Friends
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 8, 2024
msg:在宜興訪友，朋友推薦入住，位置好 環境好，服務好，尤其是賓館的沈美萍女士，熱情周到，臨走時還送了伴手禮，非常感謝沈女士！推薦給到宜興的朋友，來宜興，就住紫砂賓館
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Couples
info:2 Reviews
rating:2
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:服務：前台李芳蠻好的，接待我們到房間，並協助解決問題。
位置：丁蜀鎮，附近居民區菜館，免費停車
房間：除了面積大就沒什麼優勢了，房間有一股黴味。隔音很差，周圍/樓上聲音都聽得到，而且樓下公園的廣場舞也很吵，無升房，無浴缸，無房間打掃
設施：當是是看有室內泳池，其他是外包健身房，並不是早8晚10的時間，大概下午1/2點到8點吧
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:44 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 1, 2024
msg:第一次入住紫砂賓館 環境非常不錯 定了兩個房間 中間出了一點小插曲 幸遇前台李先生及時解決 即專業又以人為本 本來打算衹住一天 為此我們兩個房間又都續住了一天
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted March 26, 2024
msg:首先，酒店的地理位置好，離紫砂博物館和火車站很近，周邊餐飲、交通便捷。這次入住客房性價比很高，一樓大堂、客房走廊及餐廳都很寬敞，電梯運行平穩，乾淨整潔；客房很大，驚艷了我，設施、用品齊全，早餐品種豐富，中餐廳菜品口味佳，那個山東籍的服務員工作認真，服務到位。其次，一樓接待中心的工作人員很好，辦理入住手續很快，特別是李芳將客人送至房間，對我們提出的要求及時解決，工作到位，責任心強，是難得一見的工作人員。
----------------------------------------
name:H‍u‍y‍u‍c‍h‍u
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted March 25, 2024
msg:我們是首次來宜興丁蜀，主要是順路想看一下博物館，在杭州通過攜程訂好賓館後就開車過來了，沒想到入住紫砂賓館後給了我們幾個驚喜，一是房間大價位低，二是停車方便，三是服務好（這點尤為重要），四是早餐豐富，令人滿意。我們一路住過很多賓館，高中檔的都住過，但都沒遇到過像紫砂賓館這樣優質的迎賓服務，在前台辦完手續後，沒想到大堂經理好像是叫李安的一位男同志，親自幫我們拎行李，上電梯，一路介紹送到客房房間，親手打開房間詳細介紹，又親手端上迎賓水果，叮囑好早餐事宜後才離開，説實在的，這般服務很少見了，很高興在宜興紫砂賓館又遇見了，給人真正的賓至如歸的感覺。大多時候，一個令人難忘的服務，那怕是小服務，也許就會使企業增色添彩。我們不會過多在意價位，但會在意服務，所以比較認同和首肯紫砂的服務。下次來一定還會住這兒，而且還會率隊而來。
----------------------------------------
name:S‍h‍e‍n‍g‍c‍a‍i‍y‍o‍u‍y‍o‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Booked for others
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 17, 2023
msg:紫砂賓館算是本地標桿了，當地承辦大型宴會基本都在這，接待能力很OK；這裏更是想表揚一下沈美萍女士，熱情服務，耐心解答。
住宿設施完善，空間寬敞，回頭客是一定的👍
----------------------------------------
name:L‍e‍n‍g‍y‍a‍n‍k‍a‍n‍x‍u‍a‍n‍x‍i‍a‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 8, 2024
msg:前台接待温馨親切，客服人員親自陪送進客房內並給與各種設施的介紹，讓我有賓至如歸的感覺。酒店設施很不錯，一樓大廳裏多個紫砂成列館也讓你足不出户就有機會欣賞領略紫砂作品的美感和韻味， 將來到宜興會依然選擇紫砂賓館
----------------------------------------
name:S‍h‍a‍n‍g‍a‍m‍a‍g‍a‍o‍g‍u‍o‍j‍i‍e
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Couples
info:12 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 3, 2024
msg:週末和老公周邊遊，很慶幸選擇入住宜興紫砂酒店🏨有種賓至如歸的感覺。酒店工作人員沈美萍親自把我們送上房間，並熱情介紹各種設施和服務，非常感謝🙏
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:66 Reviews
rating:4.2
posted:Posted August 26, 2023
msg:紫砂賓館在丁蜀鎮應該是最好的酒店了，位置挺好，酒店前台辦理入住時衹有一個通道，再排隊了有十來分鐘後終於又有人開了一個通道，大廳有宜興紫砂的各種介紹自己展覽，挺好，房間挺大，衞生也不錯，隔音比較好，但是滿房間放的各種收費物品個人很不喜歡，感覺就像那種小賓館的樣子
----------------------------------------
name:p‍a‍n‍q‍i‍a‍n‍8‍0‍1‍1‍1‍5
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:25 Reviews
rating:2.7
posted:Posted August 15, 2023
msg:衞生：很差，有上一位客人的牙膏蓋。
設施：房間設施一般。
環境：周圍環境很好，中國陶瓷博物館、紫砂博物、古南街都不遠。
訂單有免費升級房間，辦理入住手續房間沒有升級。早餐質量真的一般，培根用的是合成培根。水果是西瓜和聖女果。
五樓的游泳池和健身房很多店外人員。此行唯一滿意的就是六樓有紫砂工作室，可以體驗。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Friends
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 1, 2024
msg:房間設施及衞生都很不錯，我們很滿意！服務態度很好，特別是前台的李小姐及沈美萍小姐，更是為顧客所想，全心全意的服好務，值得表揚！點贊！
----------------------------------------
name:a‍m‍b‍e‍r‍1‍2‍2‍2
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:17 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 2, 2024
msg:賓館整體設施雖然有點陳舊，但維護得還不錯，免費升級豪華大床房，房間面積比較大。服務經理李志也很熱情周到，有歡迎水果，總體還可以呢。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 17, 2024
msg:不愧為傳統的五星級酒店，￼酒店的工作人員沈小姐非常的親切，入住的大床房也很乾凈，￼有歡迎水果，￼有工作人員帶領着送到房間，￼有新年問候！￼退房時，￼還給帶了水！酒店太用心了！在新年期間倍感暖意。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted March 24, 2024
msg:酒店和我預訂時看到的訊息相符。進入房間才發現他們的房間比一般酒店的大，寬敞明亮，整潔。前台辦理入住時，服務員非常熱情。結賬走時，還送了二瓶水。非常愉快的住宿體驗。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Other
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 9, 2024
msg:酒店前台沈美萍服務態度太贊，見面微笑，有問必答，有求必應，五星以上的標準，因此又多續住了一晚。 早餐不錯，供應品種也多，用餐環境很好，下次經過會繼續住這酒店。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2024
msg:鎮上最好的酒店，經理李先生熱情、專業，大大點贊！
酒店距離博物館、古街都非常近，很方便。
衞生狀況良好，有親子房。
非常愉快的度假體驗！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 9, 2023
msg:整個酒店都很高大上，獨立的十幾層大樓。一進大堂有金陵飯店那味了，十分的豪華。在南京這種檔次週末沒有個一千多估計住不到。房間還給做了免費升級👍，特別開心，房間內環境特別乾淨整潔，寬敞明亮通透，設施齊全，住着睡的特別香！特別特別特別感謝酒店主任李志！不但免費幫升級了，還送我們到樓上，還贈送了特別可愛的豬陶偶！服務耐心貼心細心，把早餐等注意事項一一説明！感謝李志！👍👍👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted January 15, 2024
msg:設施：很人性化，房間設計合理。衞生：不錯！環境：區位很好，到市區方便，高速口很近，！服務：服務不錯，很周到，特別是大堂沈經理，主動介紹提醒，！早餐豐富，餐廳不錯，停車位很充足很寬敞，值得推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Couples
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 28, 2024
msg:酒店衞生壞境都整潔乾淨,早餐也很豐富,前台的李經理非常熱情，幫我們拿行李🧳還帶我們送到房間，還有迎客水果及紫砂小物件紀念品。很棒
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍a‍n‍g‍f‍e‍n‍g‍l‍i‍b‍a‍b‍a
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Friends
info:29 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted August 7, 2023
msg:性價比不錯，入住當天晚上發現房間電話壞的。下來和前台反應，無動於衷，導致後來要聯繫什麼客房服務極度不方便。還要再下樓。本來享用的延時退房，也沒使用。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:2
posted:Posted December 25, 2023
msg:很差的體驗。
1，空調不制熱，第一個房客吹冷風，換個房客，也衹能到21度，冷的一晚上沒睡好，孩子大人都凍感冒了。
2，套房衹有2瓶水，再要就不給了，真服了。7百多的房費，太不值得了。
3，衞生狀況很差，一進去，鼻子就過敏堵塞了。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 20, 2023
msg:酒店非常不錯，很有文化氣息。大廳展覽紫砂壺都堪稱藝術品。
設施：設施齊全
服務：前台的李志先生很熱情，幫我們解決了很多問題。
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍o‍n‍g‍h‍e‍n‍g‍d‍e‍s‍h‍a‍n‍d‍i‍a‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 26, 2023
msg:賓館還是挺上檔次的，標間超級大，衞生情況不錯！健身房、游泳池一應俱全，可惜我入住的時候泳池正在檢修。早餐是自助餐，還是比較豐盛的，該有的都有，還有當地特色的烏飯等。特別要表揚下前台的李志帥哥，不僅幫我們把行李送進房間，還詳細的介紹了鎮上可逛的地方，很耐心很nice！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 1, 2024
msg:房間給免費升了級，空間很大，贈送了新鮮水果。客服經理李芳的引導和講解很細緻，很有耐心，整體都很不錯，性價比高。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 2, 2024
msg:房間面積很大，整潔乾淨，離陶瓷博物館很近，交通便利，工作人員李先生服務態度很好，還熱心為我們介紹了附近景點
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍n‍j‍i‍n‍q‍i‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:11 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted October 28, 2023
msg:宜興最好的酒店吧？。房間很不錯  性價比高，早餐麪條好吃😋
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:2.5
posted:Posted May 18, 2024
msg:房間很大，但設備陳舊。樓道里很濃的煙味，地下車庫又黑又破。早餐還不如經濟酒店的水平。衹有大堂像個星級的樣子。
----------------------------------------
name:C‍h‍e‍n‍g‍R‍T
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2024
msg:第一次來到丁蜀，酒店體驗感超乎預料的好，
酒店的李先生幫忙安放騎行裝備，熱情高效的入住手續辦理，下次來丁蜀還會入住
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted November 28, 2023
msg:房間很好，李先生服務很好，我們很滿意。

房間配備的付費拖鞋，我朋友無意打開了塑料袋，並沒有使用，退房時前台要求付費，是直接扣的按金，這筆費用，我們認為酒店不應收，商場、電商、網購的物品，都可7天無條件退款，何況，我們根本沒有使用，這筆收費不合理。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 21, 2023
msg:酒店位置很好，交通很方便，酒店大堂很氣派，大堂經理李志接待很熱情，下次來丁山還住這裏！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Other
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 21, 2024
msg:紫砂賓館處於市區，鬧中取靜，出行方便，停車免費。邊上有個公園，能看小橋流水。房間寬敞、整潔，設施完備、高級。服務細緻、周到，感謝沈美萍女士的熱情介紹和答疑！
----------------------------------------
name:S‍H‍T‍8‍0‍2
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Other
info:28 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 15, 2023
msg:週末和愛人一起自駕游來宜興，預訂了丁蜀鎮公園路206號的紫砂賓館。一進入大堂，就感受到了濃濃的紫砂文化藝術氛圍。尤如進入一個博物館，件件都是出自大師們的珍品。讓我更驚喜的是，最近央視經常播放的關於紫砂非遺傳承人的兩位呂姓大師的工作室就在賓館的大堂裏。辦理入住，經理沈美萍熱情接待，親自送我們到所在的樓層房間。訂的特惠房，房間也足有40平米，寬敞舒適，還有歡迎水果和具有當地特色的小禮物。入住了2晚，退房時正巧還是遇到沈經理，她知道我返回路上時間長，恰巧當天又天氣熱，特地再讓我帶2瓶水，小小舉動，非常的暖心。酒店的停車場有地面和地下，地下車庫有2層，我入住這2天車位較充裕。酒店地處寸蜀鎮中心，到宜興竹海，善卷洞，開車二十多分鐘路程。酒店到張公洞，開車12分鐘到，到博物館也1.1公里路程。就個人而言，覺得這家賓館符合我的需求，值得推薦。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted May 13, 2023
msg:再一次入住，丁蜀鎮上最高檔的酒店了。酒店還是一如既往的讓我難以描述，大堂經理還是一如既往的浮於表面的“熱情”，衹為讓客户給個高的評分，但是應對實際的問題，比如停車場沒位置，危機公關確着實的不到位。酒店和房間確實都是按五星標準建的，但是一來房間軟裝設計風格太傳統，燈光照明偏暗，把五星規格的房間設施硬生生拉成了四星感覺；二來酒店健身房等公共設施是外包的，看上去和酒店就很不融合，也拉低了酒店的檔次。酒店餐飲，還是一如既往的無法言説，早餐看上去東西也不少，但實際都是每個放的很開的盤子，實際品種不多，看上去也讓人沒什麼胃口，而且遇上節假日總是那麼空空如也，剛開業時沒經驗也就算了，那麼多年了也還是這樣。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Business travelers
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 15, 2023
msg:晚餐不錯！好
----------------------------------------
name:1‍1‍8‍2‍1‍9‍7‍2‍3‍4
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 17, 2023
msg:紫砂酒店入住時大堂的李志接待我們服務熱情，酒店的早餐種類豐富，來宜興住這裡是不錯的選擇。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 25, 2023
msg:房間很大很寬敞，晚上也很安靜，地理位置微微離景區有點偏。自助早餐很豐富，選擇多樣。唯一遺憾游泳池換水沒有開放。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted March 25, 2024
msg:很棒的酒店，服務很友善，特別是工作人員沈美萍熱情周到，耐心細緻。房間很乾凈，整體而言，感覺不錯，有機會再來。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 25, 2023
msg:辦理入住退房很順暢，前台沈美萍還幫助送到客房。房間很乾凈，晚上回來看見茶几上有水果，床邊電話旁邊還有個2公分大小的小老虎（紫砂的？）紀念品。
----------------------------------------
name:x‍i‍a‍o‍c‍h‍u‍n‍_‍x‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 17, 2024
msg:回家入住的首選酒店，感謝工作人員李芳熱情接待，還親自送客進房間，詳細介紹物品擺放位置和收費標準。
下次回來繼續入住紫砂賓館！
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍n‍y‍o‍u‍s‍i‍h‍a‍i
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 11, 2024
msg:房間挺大的，床也很舒服，早餐一般吧，總體性價比還是挺高的。酒店內有紫砂博物館，去看看也算是增長知識了。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Friends
info:24 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 31, 2023
msg:房間不錯，服務中規中矩，大概是旺季吧，服務再帶點微笑那就完美了
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted January 7, 2024
msg:住在1108房間，於2024年1月6日中午入住。大廳環境清潔，賓館服務員李芳舉止端莊大方，服務禮儀意識強。在接待中，做到和氣熱情、有禮有貌。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:32 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 16, 2023
msg:親子房佈置的挺可愛的，面積比較大，所有房間都包含早餐這一點有點奇怪，酒店地理位置優越，交通方便，早餐品種比較豐富，居然還有紅燒肉，烏米飯很好吃的，煮麪條的阿姨服務態度還可以更好一點點
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 4, 2023
msg:設施：房間隔音很好，地理位置也不錯出門覓食也很方便。周邊都是好吃的。
衞生：環境很乾凈，讓人覺得很舒服。
環境：酒店大堂就展覽了好多紫砂茶壺，讓人大飽眼福。
服務：服務很人性化哦，也很熱情。李志主任還主動提出幫我們送行李🧳。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Family
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 14, 2024
msg:酒店服務人員很熱情，李先生幫忙解答了很多諮詢問題包括旅遊線路，充電車位，預留房間等。酒店位置也很好，附近吃飯方便，房間設施乾淨整潔。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted February 4, 2024
msg:房間條件還可以，乾淨衞生，環境安靜不吵，衹是早餐稍微簡單了一點。因為提前預訂了，辦理入住時已經提前安排好了，所以速度很快。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Friends
info:24 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 20, 2023
msg:這次入住宜興丁蜀鎮的紫砂賓館，全程感受到了賓至如歸的五星級服務。特別是沈美萍經理親自接待我們，送我們上客房。退房時我們提出希望購買一些餐廳飲用過的宜興紅茶時，她還在百忙中幫我們聯繫供貨商送貨給我們，真的讓我們很感動。下次來還住紫砂賓館，也會推薦去丁山的親友入住。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2024
msg:酒店很大氣，服務態度很好，特別是服務員李芳給我們加了小孩子的早餐，日用品，還送了小禮物
----------------------------------------
name:L‍a‍o‍s‍i‍n‍i‍g‍e‍l‍a‍i‍s‍i
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Other
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 6, 2024
msg:丁山最好的酒店，非常舒適，寬敞明亮。特別謝謝大堂李志經理，理解顧客需求，服務特別好！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Booked for others
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 18, 2024
msg:難得回老家走親戚，給爸媽訂了這家酒店。價格適中，房間也比較乾淨。前台招待員李芳還親自引導我們到房間，服務很周到。
----------------------------------------
name:t‍t‍a‍y‍o‍u‍n‍g
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Friends
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 1, 2024
msg:酒店前台接待熱情，周到，快捷，特別是李芳，服務態度非常好，美麗熱情周到，有問必答，不厭其煩。房間寬敞明亮，冬天室內温暖，衞生潔凈。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 30, 2023
msg:整體來説還是非常不錯的，房間很大，有歡迎水果，早餐也比較豐盛
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 24, 2023
msg:房間大，設施好，貼心送水果小禮物，小朋友很開心，李芳服務很好。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted March 5, 2023
msg:此次旅程中最歡愉的酒店❗小哥哥主動幫拎行李送至客房！感恩！酒店裝修是那種花錢富貴不接地氣型！但服務人員人性化服務確實應該是加分項！服務員主動禮貌問候❗前台小姐姐温柔江南範詢問入住是否滿意！這一切都給旅途中的我如沐春風的感覺！不錯的酒店文化！五星好評！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:總體滿意的一次住宿，健身房真心不錯，服務人員也很熱情，表揚下李芳，熱情帶路熱心介紹。提一點不足，早餐需要再加強一些。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Other
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2024
msg:沈經理服務很好，五一期間酒店生意很好，房間很大，也很寬敞，早餐也不錯，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 6, 2024
msg:多次來宜興，多次入住紫砂賓館，非常不錯！此次特別感謝李先生的熱情服務，給提供的葯品！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:16 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted May 3, 2024
msg:第一次遇到房間裏到處都是收費商品的酒店，桌上的水，茶葉，冰箱裏的零食，都收費
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍h‍a‍n‍g‍y‍o‍u‍x‍i‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:2.7
posted:Posted November 23, 2023
msg:設施陳舊，尤其是地下車庫、大門口保安亭等都須修膳改造。從業人員的素質也應提高，特別是早餐廳的服務員，愛理不理，態度冷漠。希望老闆好好抓一下。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted April 1, 2024
msg:服務有待提高。住17層，外賣得自己下來拿，退房時態度非常不好。剛入住就讓給五星好評。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 31, 2024
msg:大堂很氣派，前台服務沈小姐很有耐心，積極幫忙解決遇到的問題。房間也很大雖簡單但很舒服，性價比很高的酒店。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 20, 2024
msg:房間面積大且乾淨整潔，衞生間也是面積大且乾淨，環境整體不錯。早餐是中西結合，選擇品種多，花茶等飲品可多種選擇
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Family
info:10 Reviews
rating:4.2
posted:Posted February 6, 2023
msg:第二次下榻紫砂賓館，因女兒喜歡定了hellokitty親子房，整體入住感良好。因第二天要很早出門辦事，酒店安排了簡單早飯打包。早上出門的時候想買水，諮詢前台哪裡有賣，前台告訴了位置，還貼心的又給我們拿了賓館的水。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Other
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 22, 2024
msg:房間很大，乾淨，服務非常周到，特別是李志，服務熱情周到，態度和藹友善，非常感謝🙏
----------------------------------------
name:M‍r‍S‍i‍m‍p‍l‍e‍1‍0‍2‍9
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:酒店位於鎮中心，交通很方便，房間很大，前廳李先生很熱情，服務很周到，感謝！
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍j‍i‍n‍g‍j‍i‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 29, 2023
msg:房間寬敞，衞生。服務態度好，早歺多樣化。
----------------------------------------
name:H‍a‍n‍s‍z‍h‍o‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:13 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 16, 2023
msg:房間很大，未入住巳為我們空調到冷，關懷到家，依我訂單是有歡迎水果，但離店後想起並未收到便致電攜程，不久賓館沈美萍主管代表賓館向我致歉並承諾會調查後給我反饋，約一小時後她講通過監控回放是服務員送錯給了隔壁房間並再次致歉和約我下次入住給予補償優惠
一份水果並不值錢，但認真積極自查和迅速反饋能稱得上五星服務，看來紫砂是我再去宜興出差和遊玩的首選了
服務：極好
環境：大堂精緻，房間大
衞生：達我標準（我出門旅遊局涉外4星以上標準）
設施：完善，有健身房和游泳池
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 3, 2023
msg:房間乾淨舒服，酒店大廳有紫砂工藝品展覽和藝術家工作室，接待我們的李先生很熱心還給升級了豪華大床房，到宜興就住這家了。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 9, 2024
msg:老牌酒店，服務很贊，尤其是客服李芳，周到細緻，手動點贊！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:1.5
posted:Posted July 5, 2023
msg:房間大但是很一般 地區比較偏遠 酒店比較老舊 
早餐還可以吧  酒店有電車充電樁很不錯 
酒店的游泳池是對外的 是一個健身房承包的 游泳的人很多體驗感很差 游泳更衣室也很臟
房間沒有usb插口 最差評的就是洗澡居然沒有熱水！要等十幾分鍾才有！毛巾也很舊舊的
酒店前台的小姐姐挺好的 很親切
但是為什麼會有那麼多好評呢 是因為前台會讓你掃他們的二維碼 他們會要求代寫好評！
so…我也是被騙過來的
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍i‍r‍e‍n‍1‍9‍5‍1
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Family
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 13, 2024
msg:賓館服務人員都熱情好客，無微不至，讓我們有回家的感覺。特別是李芳經理，處處為賓客考慮，非常感謝。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:房間乾淨整潔，早餐豐富，李經理服務好，每次入住房間都能得到一個小茶寵。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Friends
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 2, 2024
msg:丁蜀鎮上比較老牌的酒店了，服務很好，也很乾凈，出行方便！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 31, 2023
msg:李小姐的服務很不錯！很周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Business travelers
info:16 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 15, 2023
msg:房間好大啊，服務很好，特別表揚沈美萍一直f帶我們到房間裏開好空調，早餐也很豐富，在丁蜀鎮鎮中心去哪裡都方便
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Other
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 26, 2023
msg:性價比高環境好出行方便
----------------------------------------
name:R‍u‍o‍g‍u‍y‍o‍u‍l‍a‍n
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted March 12, 2023
msg:李芳經理服務很好，帶我們到客房，安排細心周到。我對此次住宿很滿意。交通方便，周邊配套齊全。總之很滿意。
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍e‍z‍h‍i‍f‍e‍n‍g‍y‍e
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:20 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 24, 2023
msg:房間很不錯，裝修的非常有質感，入住很開心，開車過來前台會幫忙加車牌，入住期間可以無限次出入，酒店前台還送我們到房間十分貼心，早餐很豐盛，中式西式都有家裡人都吃的很開心，酒店距離宜興熱門景點自駕都 30 分鐘左右很方便，下次還來！！！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:4.7
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:服務人員李芳從酒店入住到諮詢餐飲景點都給了我們很大的幫助，非常感謝
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted August 12, 2023
msg:整體是傳統的風格，房間也比較大感覺還是不錯的，人不多停車方便充電樁很多。酒店工作人員臉色好看，李志先生很熱情送我們上樓。零點餐廳的炒飯很棒，還有桂花山葯非常推薦。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 26, 2023
msg:這次入住了宜興紫砂賓館，酒店環境不錯，服務也很到位，服務員沈美萍還貼心地送我們到房間，以後來丁蜀鎮繼續住這家酒店。
。
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍i‍z‍a‍i‍y‍o‍u‍q‍u
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 1, 2024
msg:酒店交通便利，衞生好。大堂經理很熱情，服務做得很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 16, 2024
msg:房間乾淨衞生，酒店位置不錯，出去旅行和吃飯都比較方便，總之值得推薦，以後來還會住這裏。。。。。。。。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Other
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 3, 2024
msg:多次入住 一如既往的好 房間很寬敞  沈經理推薦的自助價廉物美 非常喜歡 給酒店點贊
----------------------------------------
name:Q‍u‍e‍b‍a‍n‍d‍a‍j‍i‍e‍d‍a
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted December 10, 2023
msg:賓館雖然比較老了，但還是挺乾淨，毛巾被套顏色都白白的沒有怪味道，管家李志服務熱情周到，值得表揚
----------------------------------------
name:W‍a‍l‍s‍o‍n‍1‍9‍7‍9
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 20, 2023
msg:房間是真大，高級大床房性價比高，帶小朋友也睡的下。隔音效果很好，聽不到樓上沖水的聲音。位置也不錯，商務出差，情侶開房，親子出遊都很很合適。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 5, 2024
msg:乾淨，服務不錯，李芳服務很好，很滿意的一次入住
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍n‍g‍j‍i‍n‍g‍l‍i‍a‍n‍g‍C‍C
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Other
info:6 Reviews
rating:3.2
posted:Posted November 22, 2022
msg:房間很大，以至於開空調到30度，第二天才21度，晚上特別冷，客服電話説加被子要加錢，媽呀，賓館都會備多一條被子在房間，離譜。最後還是送來了，但是已經心碎💔。
早餐一般，期待不要太大吧！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 1, 2024
msg:酒店設施和服務都很好 非常滿意 客服李志很細心 各種問題都能滿意解決 👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍o‍n‍g‍k‍u‍a‍n‍x‍i‍n‍m‍i‍n‍h‍u‍i
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:25 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 10, 2024
msg:房間可以看到樓下的小河，早餐很豐富，中西風味俱備，各色小菜挺多
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:賓至如歸的感覺。入住時芳芳把我們送到房間，還熱情的為我們推薦宜興的景點。這次旅途並不順利，第二天就開始高燒不退，酒店給我送來了體温計，多送了很多水，還在人手緊張的情況下，幫我拿來了外賣，着實令我感動。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 3, 2023
msg:酒店環境很好，李芳服務也非常好，積極幫顧客解決各種問題。酒店大堂擺放了很多名家紫砂壺，愛好紫砂壺的朋友會很喜歡。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:10 Reviews
rating:2.5
posted:Posted May 1, 2023
msg:作為一家準五星級酒店，衹能説名不副實。五一期間入住，全中國的酒店都爆滿，服務跟不上是人手不夠，不要説旅遊旺季所以才這樣。從進入停車場到搬行李到前台辦理入住，全程沒有一個迎賓出現，我們自己拿的行李車，把行李車帶到樓上後又給他們送回大門口。
叫了外賣，不允許外賣員送到房間，這點可以理解，酒店是為客人的安全考慮，但是衹讓放到大廳，需要客人自己下樓拿，客房服務形同虛設，打電話衹説沒空。
同時入住了三個房間，有一家朋友因為其他行程提前退房，房間內有物品損壞，前前後後三個服務員給我打電話説要扣錢，這個時候我才知道原來你這個酒店是有服務員的。
五一當天結婚的客人比較多，停車場呈爆滿狀態，作為酒店不想辦法去解決，反而找一名保安擋在門口攔車，我説我是入住客人車應該停在哪？回覆自己去路邊找地方，這裏的停車場停不下了。
800塊一天的價格，在宜興這個小城市也算天花板級別了，就換來這種服務，比吃了蒼蠅屎都噁心。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:2.5
posted:Posted May 1, 2023
msg:前台退房小姐姐服務一般，我説退房，她臉都沒抬説放下走吧，我説按金呢？她説到時候退你，期間沒有抬過臉更沒有一句敬語和服務人員該有的微笑。入住時，門前也沒有給服務的行李小哥，衹有一位指揮車輛的大叔，各種不幫忙，帶着娃拖着一堆行李詢問有沒有行李車也愛答不理，自己收拾好了所有推進來時，大叔去前台説我用了行李車，請問我會把你的行李車拿走嗎？早餐一般沒有五星級標準，水果衹有兩樣，倒是鹹菜種類不少。房間要水給娃沖奶粉，服務人員給我説衹能多要2瓶，其他要多收費買。前台客房經理服務態度值得表揚點贊，請酒店多多培訓其他員工都像經理看齊！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:紫砂賓館是這次五一遊的最大驚喜，如果你來宜興遊玩，強烈推薦這家。雖然有些年頭了，但打理得很用心。一樓大堂寬敞亮堂，有紫砂器具展示。房間乾淨整潔，有多種枕頭可選。有專門的小童洗漱用具提供。特別要點贊接待我們的大堂經理沈美萍。入住時就主動詢問我們的需求，為小孩準備用具，介紹酒店的餐廳，健身區等等。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 4, 2023
msg:3月3日入住酒店,
Xx接待主任李先生服務很好👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Business travelers
info:16 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 25, 2024
msg:五星級酒店，服務很好！前台熱情，停車方便！服務專業，下次來宜興繼續入住！
----------------------------------------
name:z‍y‍w‍h
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 13, 2023
msg:服務態度很好
李先生親自送上電梯
幫拿行李🧳
一個商務酒店做到如此周到的服務
確實值得給好評！
----------------------------------------
name:1‍2‍3‍h‍e‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:1
posted:Posted February 16, 2024
msg:洗手皂，護髮素，洗澡拖鞋都沒有，前台態度也不好。這次旅程最差一次。
----------------------------------------
name:Q‍-‍n‍i‍n‍k‍y‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 5, 2024
msg:很棒，酒店設施都很好，這次出差的疲憊一掃而空
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2022
info:Solo travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 2, 2023
msg:對面是龍溪公園，景色特別優美，江南小鎮的冬天很舒服。適合修身養性！
服務：很好
環境：優美
設施：齊全
衞生：乾淨
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 14, 2024
msg:基本上每個月最少去一次宜興，每次都是住這裏，已經習慣了
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:1
posted:Posted October 4, 2023
msg:房間設施陳舊，隔音效果太差，樓上用水聲清楚聽見．隔壁房間打麻將也是醉了，千萬別選這家酒店，攜程讓人不再喜歡。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 3, 2023
msg:房間特別大，衞生也可，早餐還行。帶了長者，行動緩慢，但是前台的李芳服務特別好，忙前忙後地幫忙，給五星好評！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 13, 2024
msg:服務好，感受到回家的感覺。沈美萍經濟親自送到房間，送了孩子的早餐
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 14, 2023
msg:房間很乾凈寬敞，設施齊全，有泳池有健身房，入住體驗好。還有紫砂壺工作室。早餐政策本來小童要加錢，服務人員直接讓小孩免費了，不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:早餐好吃，房間舒適李先生服務到位我和我的朋友非常滿意
----------------------------------------
name:M‍a‍x‍c‍h‍e‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 27, 2024
msg:商務出差，沒太注意酒店細節，沒有不舒服的點，送個好評吧！
----------------------------------------
name:F‍u‍f‍u‍f‍u‍f‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Other
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 10, 2024
msg:非常好的酒店 環境好 裝飾恢宏大氣 檔次高
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍R‍2‍0‍1‍0
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:14 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 15, 2023
msg:酒店工作人員都很熱心，特別是前台的李先生，行前添加微信，入住期間也經常詢問需求，儘快幫忙安排。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:4.2
posted:Posted June 8, 2024
msg:一個很不錯且具有地方特色和古韻的酒店！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Other
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 13, 2024
msg:沈經理服務非常熱情，周邊交通方便，酒店房間設施齊全，都不錯
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Other
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 23, 2024
msg:酒店沈經理服務熱情，非常好，酒店位置優越，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Booked for others
info:2 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted April 2, 2023
msg:所有的都挺滿意的，一共定了四個房間，有三個朋友反應打掃的阿姨從10點就開始敲門問什麼時候退房，説是她11點要下班，最好11點前退房。嚴重影響了他們的居住體驗，建議酒店那麼忙碌的阿姨還是換一個吧～
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 24, 2023
msg:房間很大很不錯，前廳李先生很熱情，主動幫我們拿行李，並介紹的很詳細，很感謝！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:17 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 1, 2024
msg:來宜興必住酒店，出行方便，前台李志服務熱情，點贊
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 5, 2023
msg:大堂經理李志服務熱情，向我們詳細介紹了酒店周圍的遊玩攻略，對宜興的風土人情也非常熟悉。另外，酒店四樓的菜品也非常贊👍
----------------------------------------
name:D‍u‍s‍h‍i‍m‍u‍r‍e‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 7, 2023
msg:前台服務很好。因有事情需要使用印泥。找到前台，因為現在前台不需要蓋章所以沒有。但前台李志先生非常認真和努力的幫助我解了這個問題。雖然是小事，但對我而言是很急迫的事情。謝謝李志先生了。
----------------------------------------
name:B‍e‍n‍b‍o‍e‍r‍b‍a‍~
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2023
msg:總體感覺不錯的 豪華雙床是1.35米，有浴缸
位置在竹海和市區中間的鎮上，屬於這最好的賓館，設施稍微有點老，服務中規中矩，地下停車場有點舊，賓館周邊配套設施齊全
----------------------------------------
name:M‍a‍n‍g‍g‍u‍o‍b‍u‍d‍i‍n‍g‍d‍a‍k‍e‍a‍i
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Family
info:18 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 4, 2023
msg:酒店大堂相當的大氣，房間很大，設施普普通通。早餐很豐富，烏米飯好吃。送的紫砂小豬很可愛。
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍o‍n‍g‍l‍i‍n‍g‍x‍i‍a‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 5, 2024
msg:房間很好 李先生服務態度很好👍謝謝
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Couples
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 2, 2024
msg:李志服務很好很熱情，下次還會再來！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted August 14, 2022
msg:作為在這個小鎮出生的人離家這麼多年，因為回來喝親戚的喜宴入住紫砂賓館，大廳很明亮寬敞，前台服務業很熱情，在知道有孩子需要上網課到12點之後，幫我把退房時間延後到了下午2點，很貼心，房間內還送過來了小童的拖鞋，梳洗用品，水果，還有一個紫砂小豬，房間很大，有些許小細節還需要改進一下，總體還是挺不錯的，早餐也很豐盛，有丁山風味的小餛飩，以後回來還會選擇的。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 4, 2024
msg:房間非常好，服務也很好，特別是李經理
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Friends
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 2, 2023
msg:房間大而整潔，設施到位，離紫砂城不遠，可以逛逛，附近小吃也蠻多，前台服務員熱情周到，特別要表揚一下沈美萍，熱情好客
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍h‍e‍s‍h‍u‍i‍z‍h‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 29, 2023
msg:酒店很乾凈，設備都很全，隔音也很不錯，服務人員保潔阿姨都很友好，很方便，總體來説都很好，以後還會再來的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 27, 2023
msg:房間很寬敞，一家三口完全不侷促。前台服務員小沈（沈美萍）特別熱心，主動幫我們提行李送到房間，並且耐心地介紹各項細節，非常感謝。不過酒店應該是地處郊區，去的時候是迎接財神的日子，鞭炮聲黑夜響到了白天。呵呵，也是好久沒有感受到如此的年味了，也蠻好。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 11, 2024
msg:房間乾淨，服務熱情周到，尤其是接待我們的李先生服務非常好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 13, 2023
msg:房間很寬敞很乾凈，早餐比較豐富可選擇性多，特別是李芳經理服務不錯，很熱心，很愉快的一次入住……
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 9, 2024
msg:環境舒適，服務熱情，體驗很好。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:24 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 4, 2024
msg:房間很大，衞生可以，服務人員很熱情
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 1, 2024
msg:房間很寬敞，李先生服務非常到位，很熱情
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted July 7, 2023
msg:房間很大，衞生不錯，洗澡間有點漏，水流到外面，早餐一般，提供中西自助餐，是五星酒店，但價位不高，值得推薦
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 27, 2023
msg:房間設施很新，早餐很豐富。周圍吃飯購物都很方便，服務也很好。特別是李芳，服務非常周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 10, 2023
msg:每次來丁山都喜歡住這裏，安靜，整潔，這次接待我們的是一位叫芳芳的服務員，她不怕麻煩，陪我們上去，向我們解釋入住，早餐，停車等各種事項，沒有距離感，賓至如歸，謝謝！
----------------------------------------
name:J‍a‍n‍e‍t‍Y‍u‍e
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 13, 2023
msg:客户經理李志先生，談吐恰當，服務熱忱，讓我們感覺到宜興的美好！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 8, 2024
msg:房間寬敞安靜，李芳服務很好，值得推薦
----------------------------------------
name:P‍e‍n‍g‍f‍e‍i‍a‍f‍e‍i‍a‍f‍e‍i
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Friends
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2024
msg:房間寬敞舒適，李芳服務熱情周到。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2024
msg:很滿意，李先生服務很好，還有禮物
----------------------------------------
name:W‍e‍i‍m‍o‍j‍i‍e‍c‍h‍a‍n‍A‍A‍A
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 30, 2024
msg:房間整潔設施齊全周邊環境安靜舒適
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 23, 2023
msg:酒店很整潔乾淨，服務也很熱情，李志主任還主動幫我們拿行李，領我們到房間。早餐味道也不錯，總體性價比較高。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:酒店地處居民區，周邊都是小商户，買東西吃飯很方便，裝修有點老了，但是環境乾淨，安靜。服務員都很熱情，下次再來還會選擇這家酒店。
----------------------------------------
name:L‍a‍o‍l‍a‍o‍s‍h‍u‍a‍i‍g‍e
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 12, 2024
msg:房間很好，李小姐服務態度很好，謝謝
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 12, 2023
msg:酒店裝修很有品味，尤其地毯的圖案很大氣。房客硬件不錯，衹是早餐品質一般，品種多，但味道沒有五星級水準。其它還是有五星級的品質
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted May 5, 2024
msg:房間升級湖邊小木屋，總體還可以
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 27, 2023
msg:房間很大，李志很熱情，幫我們拿行李，介紹的很詳細，很有親切感，大廳也很氣派，以後再來宜興玩還會選擇這裏，感謝李先生的接待！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 29, 2023
msg:放房間設施一般，但人員服務好，特別是前台的李志，主動幫我提行李，還給了我很好的紫砂文化引導，這樣的服務才是城市名片。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 7, 2022
msg:兩張1.35米的床，房間很大，地下也有停車場，酒店5樓還有泳池～贈送了水果和紫砂小豬～帶小朋友出門旅行，很滿意～
----------------------------------------
name:s‍o‍p‍h‍i‍e‍_‍z‍p
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 30, 2023
msg:酒店環境不錯，服務人員態度很好，地理位置優越，酒店的菜非常好吃，價格也不貴，下次出差還會入駐這家酒店。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 8, 2022
msg:紫砂酒店的服務非常周到，工作人員態度良好，房間乾淨整潔。酒店的游泳池也很適合小朋友玩。而且還離陶瓷博物館很近。
----------------------------------------
name:F‍e‍n‍g‍s‍h‍a‍o‍y‍e
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 28, 2023
msg:一直喜歡有家的感覺酒店，下次來還會選擇這家，感覺特別親切温馨服務周到，要贊一個！環境乾淨整潔，熱水空調都很設施齊全！隔音效果好，雖然酒店不新，但是管理維護到位。
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍a‍n‍s‍h‍e‍n‍g‍d‍a
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:57 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 26, 2023
msg:來宜興都是住這裏，方便的，服務也好！就是酒店時間久了點，該重新裝修下啦！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 7, 2023
msg:酒店高端大氣，乾淨整潔，小朋友也非常喜歡。工作人員沈美萍服務態度很好，還送了果盆和小朋友早餐，已經推薦給朋友們。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍a‍o‍z‍h‍e‍m‍e‍f‍u‍z‍a‍g‍a‍n‍m‍a
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Business travelers
info:30 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted August 7, 2022
msg:前台沈美萍經理認真負責，飯店住宿這一點上性價比還是不錯的，餐飲方面中規中矩性價比一般，總體入住感覺還行。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Solo travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 29, 2024
msg:房間很乾凈 李芳服務很周到！下次還會去
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 1, 2024
msg:李先生服務很好，房間不錯
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:20 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 6, 2023
msg:前台不錯，還幫忙拿行李，感謝李志先生，也感謝芳芳，臨出門還送給娃小禮物。值得入住。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Friends
info:10 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted March 10, 2024
msg:總體不錯，有煙味的房間及時調換了
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:7 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted May 22, 2024
msg:我住的房間牆壁上有殘留物。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 30, 2023
msg:服務態度很好，早餐也比較豐盛，在賓館看風景環境非常好，有很多紫砂展示，小朋友買到了喜歡的小老鼠紫砂飾品
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 21, 2024
msg:感覺還不錯，下次有機會再去
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:16 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 15, 2023
msg:每次來都住這裏，交通方便，附近飯店很多，設備也很齊全。以後還會住的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 17, 2023
msg:房間很大很乾凈，還要免費水果。最主要就是還送一個紫砂招財豬
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 14, 2024
msg:前台李先生服務態度很好，專業👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 8, 2024
msg:服務很滿意，小紫砂禮物太可愛了
----------------------------------------
name:L‍u‍o‍b‍i‍n‍g‍s‍o‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Business travelers
info:119 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 23, 2022
msg:附近有中國宜興陶瓷博物館
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:12 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 29, 2023
msg:內部裝飾具有陶都特色，環境優美。服務非常人性化。服務人員引導我們進入房間對各種設施介紹很細心周道。衞生環境好。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted September 4, 2023
msg:雖然硬件設施陳舊一點，但服務很好，尤其李芳經理服務熱情周到。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Friends
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 5, 2023
msg:房間設計不錯，大堂李經理服務到家，客房服務做得挺好，大廳裏有很多紫砂作品展示，非常好的酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted December 17, 2023
msg:房間很不錯，前廳李先生很熱情，服務很好！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted December 31, 2023
msg:大堂副理李芳熱情服務、周到，為她點贊👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Business travelers
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 30, 2024
msg:環境很好，也很乾凈，經常住的地方。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 8, 2024
msg:服務與環境都很好，早餐也蠻好吃！推薦。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 7, 2024
msg:回家休假，離家近，方便，早餐不錯
----------------------------------------
name:H‍u‍a‍n‍y‍i‍t‍i‍a‍n‍s‍h‍i
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 9, 2024
msg:環境不錯，服務優良。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 15, 2024
msg:沈經理服務好，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 8, 2024
msg:沈美萍服務熱情、周到
----------------------------------------
name:W‍u‍l‍a‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 7, 2024
msg:李芳服務很好，非常好
----------------------------------------
name:k‍e‍v‍i‍n‍c‍h‍a‍i
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted December 8, 2023
msg:房間超大，早餐非常好，前台李芳服務非常贊
----------------------------------------
name:H‍W‍A‍K‍A‍I
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 2, 2023
msg:房間乾淨衞生、亮敞、舒服。前台娟兒和小李友善、貼心的服務讓老婆和孩子都非常喜歡👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 24, 2023
msg:酒店一如既往的乾淨舒服熱情，客户經理李志還一路帶到房間並做詳細介紹
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:訂的房間和實際入住的入住樓層不相符，訂單13層，實際入住18層。圖片和入住的效果有點區別。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍a‍n‍b‍a‍n‍g‍d‍e‍k‍e‍c‍e‍n‍g‍g‍u‍o‍q‍u‍a‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Friends
info:21 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 15, 2024
msg:還行吧，裝修風格有點復古
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:55 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 3, 2023
msg:一如既往的好，贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊贊
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 18, 2024
msg:酒店很大氣 地理位置很方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 1, 2023
msg:接待我們的李芳非常熱情、周到，除了介紹酒店的設施和服務還介紹了酒店周邊休閑、旅遊攻略，非常感謝她！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 5, 2024
msg:滿意，我爸回宜興必須住的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Couples
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 14, 2024
msg:衞生：乾淨
環境：房間很大
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 20, 2023
msg:硬件是一方面，好的服務真的更加分，感謝李志主任幫我們提供的一些出遊建議。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 22, 2023
msg:酒店服務非常不錯，特別是總枱李先生非常感謝🙏
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 10, 2024
msg:沈經理服務非常棒，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Friends
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 4, 2024
msg:酒店管理不錯，李芳服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:༄‍༊‍࿆‍z‍h‍a‍n‍g‍s‍a‍n‍f‍e‍n‍g‍࿐
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Other
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 13, 2023
msg:服務很好，還送了水果和小禮物，房間也很乾凈，住的也很舒服
----------------------------------------
name:M‍e‍i‍l‍i‍h‍u‍a‍w‍e‍i‍h‍u‍i‍j‍i‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Friends
info:9 Reviews
rating:2
posted:Posted May 17, 2023
msg:服務態度很一般，設施也很陳舊，整個酒店可能因為是翻新的，總體就是感覺性價比不高
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Friends
info:47 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 9, 2023
msg:酒店氣勢磅礴，房間很大有點兒太大了。乾淨衞生，服務熱情，尤其李芳還幫我們老年人送行李到客房，非常感謝！
----------------------------------------
name:k‍i‍n‍e‍t‍i‍c‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 15, 2022
msg:酒店特別好 下次還去
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Friends
info:33 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 6, 2023
msg:房間住的很舒服，面積很大，李芳服務非常好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted June 11, 2023
msg:李志服務態度熱情周到，能急客人之所及，幫忙解決問題，為這樣的服務員點贊
----------------------------------------
name:L‍a‍n‍ ‍T‍u‍ ‍Z‍h‍a‍n‍g
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:21 Reviews
rating:3.2
posted:Posted May 5, 2024
msg:綜合還行，服務滿意。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 6, 2024
msg:房間夠大，整潔衞生。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 4, 2024
msg:房間很好，前廳李先生服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2024
msg:酒店環境好，服務熱情
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Couples
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 1, 2024
msg:房間寬大乾淨，很舒適
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍a‍o‍f‍e‍i‍x‍i‍o‍n‍g‍A‍H‍A
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 7, 2023
msg:老氣派味道的賓館，房間很大，窗外視野不錯，服務很熱情周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Couples
info:6 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted May 30, 2024
msg:房間太大，設施有點舊
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍Z‍Z‍Z‍Z‍Z‍Z‍Z‍1‍0‍2‍0
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Friends
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 23, 2023
msg:挺好的 服務好的  服務也不錯吧哈哈哈 下次再來。下次再來 挺好的  服務也不錯 真的挺豐富 早飯也不錯 真的不錯 下次來着
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Business travelers
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 16, 2023
msg:環境很好。樓下還能看一下精美的紫砂壺文化。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Friends
info:36 Reviews
rating:4.2
posted:Posted April 12, 2024
msg:服務達不到四星，設施舊
----------------------------------------
name:H‍e‍n‍R‍y‍9‍9‍6‍6
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:23 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted August 23, 2023
msg:qi d
設施：比較陳舊
環境：一般般
服務：一般
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 1, 2023
msg:入住體驗很好，工作人員都很熱情，辦理入住時一位李志經理熱情介紹了酒店附近情況
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 4, 2023
msg:很好的體驗，房間超大，經理李芳很專業周到。
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍n‍g‍y‍u‍n‍x‍i‍n‍g‍2‍0‍1‍1
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Other
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 19, 2023
msg:房間超大，周邊出行吃飯都比較方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2024
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 9, 2024
msg:李先生服務相當好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Business travelers
info:21 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 3, 2023
msg:文化氛圍很好，接待人員熱情，認你感覺賓至如歸的服務，吧枱接待幫忙提行禮，送水果，送當地紫砂特色紀念品
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 4, 2024
msg:李芳服務很好其他不錯
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Other
info:21 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 27, 2023
msg:一如既往的好，服務滿分，特別是酒店大堂沈經理，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Solo travelers
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 1, 2024
msg:衞生，整潔，環境安靜
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 23, 2023
msg:房間很不錯，寬大乾淨，服務人員李志態度很好，服務到位體貼。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 13, 2023
msg:房間非常大 40平方 前台服務質量有待提升
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted January 15, 2024
msg:經常住這家酒店，服務很好👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Other
info:8 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted July 23, 2023
msg:工作人員服務不錯，整體環境也不錯，細節還是有待提高
----------------------------------------
name:H‍u‍i‍d‍e‍y‍o‍n‍g‍x‍i‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 17, 2023
msg:房間寬敞明亮，剛到酒店前台工作人員李芳的親切介紹就給人回家的感覺
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍e‍l‍i‍a‍n‍g‍ ‍8‍1‍8
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 14, 2023
msg:就酒店大堂就感受到了紫砂文化
酒店給升級了房間。20樓視眼好 採光特別棒
帶着女兒住了一週  特別滿意
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 31, 2023
msg:房間很大，很乾凈，酒店大堂經理服務熱情周到，贊。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 16, 2023
msg:房間挺大的 服務也很好 工作人員沈美萍服務非常好 以後來還會選擇這家店
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍M‍o‍m
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:13 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 10, 2023
msg:環境設施都不錯，就是離市區有點遠，小朋友很喜歡親子房
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 22, 2023
msg:房間很好！很感謝李先生幫忙拿行李！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:19 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 29, 2023
msg:小鎮上的酒店，超出了自己的預期，還是值得再去住的。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:4.7
posted:Posted May 1, 2023
msg:房間不錯，面積大乾淨，老式五星酒店。李小姐的接待服務比較周到，贊
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted March 13, 2024
msg:李先生服務不錯 很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2024
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:4.5
posted:Posted March 3, 2024
msg:李芳服務態度五星好評
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted March 1, 2024
msg:李芳服務更好 好好好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 3, 2023
msg:房間住下來很好，也挺大的，前廳李先生服務態度很好，謝謝！
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍n‍z‍i
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Friends
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 5, 2023
msg:來宜興選擇了這賓館，李先生服務態度很好，酒店環境也不錯 ，房間也很乾凈，點贊。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted November 24, 2023
msg:室內空間很大，前台服務態度不錯👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:4
posted:Posted February 12, 2024
msg:還行吧，算鎮上最好的酒店
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍a‍n‍y‍u‍m‍e‍n‍g‍l‍o‍n‍g‍j‍u‍e‍j‍i‍a‍c‍h‍u
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Business travelers
info:17 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 14, 2024
msg:總體來説比較滿意
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2023
msg:房間非常寬敞舒適，李志先生服務非常贊，下次再來還會選紫砂賓館
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 1, 2023
msg:環境很好，幽靜又有特色。房間很舒適，下次有機會來宜興還會選擇
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2023
msg:酒店位於小鎮上，離景點近，接待的是大堂經理沈美萍，也很熱情
----------------------------------------
name:s‍p‍u‍k‍k
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2022
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 8, 2022
msg:酒店去的時候生意很好，入住的人很多，前台沈經理幫着辦理入住，服務很是周到，耐心告知酒店設施，房間也很寬敞，早餐品種少了些，總體滿意，酒店大堂的壁畫很有創意，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:D‍o‍n‍g‍r‍i‍n‍u‍a‍n‍y‍a‍n‍g
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Booked for others
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 26, 2023
msg:幫朋友定的  朋友回來説酒店很好 下次去宜興還要住這個酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 30, 2023
msg:房間很大，很乾凈，帶小孩床很大，一點都不擠
----------------------------------------
name:M‍i‍d‍o‍3‍1‍1
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:22 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 23, 2023
msg:酒店環境不錯，地理位置優越，性價比超高
----------------------------------------
name:S‍u‍n‍x‍i‍a‍o‍q‍i‍u‍2‍0‍1‍1
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Couples
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 24, 2023
msg:房間很大也乾淨，尤其是衞生間，特別乾淨，下次還會入住
----------------------------------------
name:W‍e‍n‍y‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2024
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 4, 2024
msg:還是較為滿意的
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍a‍o‍x‍i‍o‍n‍g‍M‍a‍x
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Business travelers
info:44 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted November 26, 2022
msg:環境不錯 房間也很大 舒適度很喜歡 就是房間沒空調有點冷 還好客房中心送來了加熱器 總的來説還是很推薦
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 15, 2024
msg:服務：服務温馨熱情
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 16, 2024
msg:酒店很好。推薦入住
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2022
info:Other
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 4, 2022
msg:入住最滿意的酒店。大堂小沈，李芳，李志服務非常好，酒店周邊交通方便，地理位置優越，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 25, 2024
msg:客人比較滿意
----------------------------------------
name:c‍l‍o‍k‍e‍y
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Business travelers
info:66 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 26, 2024
msg:適應出差酒店
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 18, 2023
msg:感謝前台李先生的熱情服務
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 19, 2023
msg:時間久了，忘了拍圖。很乾凈，飯食服務都不錯的！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 12, 2023
msg:房間很大，前台沈小姐服務態度很好，很有耐心，處理問題及時有效，非常滿意
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Couples
info:32 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 11, 2023
msg:賓館除了前台李志的服務熱情到位和房間大，不想説什麼了。
----------------------------------------
name:f‍u‍c‍a‍o‍n‍i‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:31 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted August 28, 2023
msg:打銷量的房床墊太爛太老了，體驗感太差
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 6, 2023
msg:感謝酒店大堂經理李先生的服務，很周到。
----------------------------------------
name:x‍j‍m‍3‍2‍6
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Family
info:36 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 3, 2023
msg:酒店大氣漂亮，房間大衞生，性價比高，客服主任李志服務好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:27 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted August 30, 2023
msg:中規中矩，沒有踩雷，也沒有驚喜
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Other
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 26, 2023
msg:酒店沈經理服務好 推薦酒店 贊👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted June 7, 2023
msg:室內應增加一個小冰箱，滿意度會提高很多！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Other
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 20, 2023
msg:沈經理服務好 下次還來 滿意👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted March 7, 2023
msg:每次都和女朋友來都選這家賓館住，有家的感覺，感謝李芳姐的招待
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2022
info:Solo travelers
info:35 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted December 10, 2022
msg:沒想到鎮上的酒店這麼大氣，雖然設施老了一些，但是服務不錯，享受延時退房很貼心！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 22, 2023
msg:每次來丁山都住這裏，整體不錯，位置也好，去哪裡都方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 19, 2023
msg:紫砂賓館的李經理服務很細緻，酒店給我升級房間棒棒噠👍
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍c‍h‍e‍n
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Other
info:21 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 18, 2022
msg:紫砂賓館服務非常好，住的很滿意，房間也大，早餐豐富，給沈經理一個好評，人好，服務熱情，總體滿意，下次還來
----------------------------------------
name:P‍i‍n‍y‍i‍h‍e‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:房間衞生很好，早餐很豐盛，非常感謝沈美萍經理
----------------------------------------
name:i‍2‍c‍a‍t
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:14 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 19, 2023
msg:房間大 一樓有傢俬人的陶瓷小博物館 挺有意思
----------------------------------------
name:t‍i‍n‍g‍q‍i‍a‍n‍l‍i‍u
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted May 2, 2023
msg:設施比較陳舊了，早餐品種還可以，味道很一般。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 17, 2023
msg:房間十分乾淨，從大堂經理到服務員服務熱情周到，十分感謝
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍h‍u‍z‍i‍h‍a‍h‍a
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 22, 2023
msg:服務不錯 李大哥還給我提箱子了😄
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 5, 2023
msg:早餐非常好吃，品種多，房間乾淨衞生
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 4, 2023
msg:房間很好，位置優越，很驚喜
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 11, 2023
msg:酒店大堂很氣派，房間很好，李先生服務態度很好，謝謝！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 21, 2024
msg:住着很舒服
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Executive Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 24, 2023
msg:李芳沈美萍服務都很好，好好好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Family
info:26 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 9, 2023
msg:房間很好，每次來都住這裏。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 4, 2023
msg:總體滿意 多要了一床被子 詢問原因後送來了
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 5, 2023
msg:挺愉快的一次入住體驗。服務員沈美萍很熱情！
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍a‍n‍g‍z‍h‍e‍n‍g‍b‍e‍i
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Business travelers
info:10 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted April 17, 2024
msg:早餐豐富好吃，
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Friends
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 8, 2021
msg:老牌五星酒店真心不錯 大堂很氣派 前台很熱情 升級房型 還送了紫砂小禮物 房間大而整潔 洗漱乾濕分開 床褥乾淨 一次完美的入住體驗。大廳還可以看一場紫砂展 太值了 👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Business travelers
info:20 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 2, 2023
msg:環境乾淨整潔，服務周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2024
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 11, 2024
msg:環境挺好的
----------------------------------------
name: ‍ ‍z‍p‍d‍a‍x‍i‍a
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted May 26, 2023
msg:房間很大，感覺還好吧，服務還是不錯的。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2024
info:Business travelers
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 7, 2024
msg:房間乾淨衞生！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 14, 2022
msg:紫砂賓館的房間非常大，服務態度非常好，服務小姐姐好像叫李芳，非常漂亮，裏面有健身，游泳池，整體入住非常舒服
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 28, 2023
msg:住的是大床房，總體還算不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Friends
info:15 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted March 14, 2023
msg:房間巨大，但硬件設施一般。服務很好。停車方便。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 14, 2022
msg:房間很乾凈，洗澡水很大，空調足足的，出行很方便。特別要感謝芳芳小姐姐幫我們申請了小朋友的免費早餐！！！
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Business travelers
info:15 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted November 20, 2021
msg:酒店前台李志經理很負責，幫忙送了行李，講解周邊旅遊，下次商務旅遊還住這個酒店，
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Friends
info:9 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted September 14, 2023
msg:酒店位置很好，出行方便。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Friends
info:24 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted May 26, 2023
msg:賓館位置好，停車方便，房間挺大，裝修有點舊。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 9, 2023
msg:硬件設施齊全，沈美萍經理服務熱情周到。👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 4, 2023
msg:設施和環境很好，服務非常棒，很熱情！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 16, 2023
msg:幫朋友訂的，服務員李芳特別熱情周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 1, 2023
msg:好評，好評，服務好，衞生也還行
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 3, 2023
msg:非常好 服務員非常好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in February 2024
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 18, 2024
msg:有到家的感覺
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Family
info:21 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 6, 2024
msg:地理位置還不錯的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 7, 2023
msg:李經理很熱情 服務非常好
----------------------------------------
name:�‍�‍�‍�‍g‍u‍i‍x‍i‍a‍c‍h‍a‍n‍g‍z‍h‍e‍n‍g‍f‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 15, 2023
msg:給客服經理李先生服務好評！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Other
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 31, 2023
msg:酒店很不錯，地點和設施都很好！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 28, 2023
msg:酒店非常乾淨，感謝送了小禮品
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍i‍p‍i‍n‍x‍i‍a‍n‍g‍c‍h‍a‍x‍u‍a‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:12 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 2, 2023
msg:一位芳芳的美女服務非常滿意，回家的感覺
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍l‍u‍o‍f‍u‍s‍i‍k‍e‍t‍i‍a‍n‍q‍i‍h‍u‍a‍n‍g‍d‍i
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:16 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 17, 2023
msg:感謝大堂芳芳女士提供的優質服務！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Business travelers
info:22 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 14, 2023
msg:非常好，感覺不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:F‍e‍n‍g‍g‍u‍a‍n‍g‍z‍a‍i‍x‍i‍a‍n‍f‍e‍n‍g‍i
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Business travelers
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 7, 2022
msg:一如既往的好 房間很大 設施齊全 沈經理服務態度也超級好 推薦酒店5顆🌟
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:32 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 20, 2023
msg:李志主任服務態度很好👍房間很大很好
----------------------------------------
name:#‍c‍d‍e‍D‍a‍i‍s‍y‍~
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2023
info:Family
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 1, 2023
msg:方方的服務很好捏！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted October 7, 2021
msg:特別愉快温暖的一次入住，地理位置又好，酒店高大上，下次去宜興還是選擇紫砂賓館！
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍O‍Y‍O‍-‍L‍E‍E
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Couples
info:6 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted October 19, 2021
msg:🍃環境：應該是當地比較好的一個酒店了，周邊也很方便，有停車場。

🔔服務：雖然是五星級，但是服務和大牌五星酒店還是有差距的。希望還是有提高。

🧹衞生：房間還可以，但是，房間以紫砂為主題，送的小豬是真醜，房間的壺也沒敢用。

早餐：還是蠻豐盛的，居然發現昨天晚上特意去覓食的烏米飯。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 15, 2023
msg:環境：不錯
衞生：不錯
有蚊子
----------------------------------------
name:L‍i‍s‍h‍a‍n‍g‍l‍i‍g‍u‍a‍n‍r‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:17 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 18, 2024
msg:不錯，乾淨衞生
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 24, 2022
msg:酒店服務很好，房間很大多次入住，非常滿意，感謝沈主任的熱情接待
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:18 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 12, 2023
msg:交通方便，很滿意
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Suite 11
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Friends
info:14 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 22, 2023
msg:房間裏面東西很細緻 齊全  服務也還可以
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 19, 2023
msg:房間寬敞明亮，衞生乾淨整潔，出行方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Family
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 2, 2023
msg:設施：好，衞生好，環境好，早餐最好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 14, 2023
msg:房間可以，服務滿意。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Friends
info:25 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 1, 2023
msg:還行吧，畢竟一個鎮上，算的上差不多的酒店！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2021
info:Business travelers
info:12 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted December 15, 2021
msg:早上就走一堆保潔在樓道里嚷嚷，我本來是退房要開1000多公里長途的，真的沒睡好，應該是下午兩點退房，不到12點，前台打電話，提醒退房，我住過所有酒店都是一點多點提醒退房，這個真是太垃圾了。別的還好。
----------------------------------------
name:S‍c‍h‍u‍l‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 23, 2023
msg:房間好的 李芳服務也好的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Couples
info:71 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 1, 2023
msg:挺好的，入住的舒服，就是電視機不好，不清楚
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍a‍n‍g‍w‍e‍i‍d‍o‍n‍g
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:28 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 24, 2023
msg:各方面都挺好的，繼續努力，加油
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍h‍o‍u‍y‍i‍n‍s‍h‍e‍n‍g‍d‍a‍g‍u‍a‍n‍r‍e‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Other
info:28 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted May 2, 2023
msg:衞生一般，體驗感一般，酒店有點老
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2021
info:Business travelers
info:24 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted July 14, 2021
msg:酒店外觀和大堂與星級掛牌比較匹配，但樓上房間和衞生及管理，感覺就是個商務快捷酒店，比較簡陋，好在早餐還算豐盛。餐廳有個年輕主管服務周到，且不停地忙碌做事，值得表揚。另一個值得肯定的是健身器械很多，感覺挺好。
不如意處有兩點：1、房間門無法自動關上，岀門時要特別注意去把它拉上。2、衞生間在大門邊，且落地玻璃，上廁所或洗澡衹要開門就全走光，感覺特別不好。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:4.2
posted:Posted November 30, 2021
msg:來宜興丁山一直住的酒店，這次的感受很不爽。晚上回到酒店洗完澡，準備使用潤膚乳，發現瓶內衹有1/4的量。於是通知前台把情況告知，過了會兒來個保安，開門後我説了潤膚乳衹有這點……還沒説完話他居然來了句“這不能用嗎”？（這是哪個系統培訓出來的服務人員）真心無語了，我説“這是不是用過的沒有換，也不回我話”，從我手上拿過那瓶直接拿過去説了句“好了給你換一瓶”就有了。真的傷心這樣的服務態度與酒店的品質差距太大了！
----------------------------------------
name:P‍i‍n‍g‍g‍u‍o‍P‍G
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2021
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:4.2
posted:Posted June 26, 2021
msg:紫砂賓館外觀大氣！進入大廳寬敞明亮，裝飾民族風古樸典雅又奢華氣派，餐廳非常大布局合理豪華高大尚！早餐品種豐富，特別是晚餐自助餐非常棒住店客人還給優惠！談下入住的感受：一是網上預訂去前台辦理入住，房間比較大還隔出個小客廳有沙發桌子，感覺不錯，但衞生間雖然是磨砂玻璃做隔牆，在裏面方便外面可以看到比較尷尬。二是健身房和游泳池外包了，人超級多，根本就無法享用。入住體驗感覺與五星酒店差距還比較大，就這種不帶地毯的房間價格也不低啊，性價比不高！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 12, 2023
msg:服務很好，那個李芳還一路指領到房間
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 16, 2022
msg:酒店房間設施齊全，衞生乾淨整潔舒適，酒店李芳服務熱情周到細緻，下次還會選擇
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 3, 2023
msg:李先生很熱情，房間很大，大堂很氣派
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 4, 2023
msg:李志的服務態度很好，房間很好吧
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 9, 2023
msg:各方麪條件都很好，點贊👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:31 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 17, 2023
msg:房間很大，乾淨，安靜。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 3, 2023
msg:房間乾淨衞生，服務態度很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:13 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 2, 2023
msg:房間寬敞，風景好，可以鳥瞰宜興市
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 2, 2023
msg:交通方便 服務熱情
----------------------------------------
name:H‍u‍a‍n‍g‍z‍h‍i‍h‍o‍n‍g
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted November 19, 2023
msg:服務態度很好
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Booked for others
info:8 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted September 28, 2023
msg:都還不錯，滿意的
----------------------------------------
name:M‍a‍y‍a‍n‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted October 6, 2023
msg:房間很大很乾凈
----------------------------------------
name:S‍Z‍Q‍Q‍8‍9‍9‍9
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Business travelers
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 3, 2023
msg:環境好，很滿意
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍u‍n‍h‍e‍b‍i‍x‍i‍a‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Business travelers
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 3, 2023
msg:乾淨衞生，服務周到。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 14, 2023
msg:比想象中的大一些
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:17 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted February 2, 2024
msg:就那麼回事吧
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:3.5
posted:Posted August 9, 2022
msg:就説幾個字吧  早餐還不如普通的快捷酒店  這是疫情期間節約成本嘛！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 8, 2023
msg:房間很大，李小姐服務很好，謝謝
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted August 21, 2023
msg:應該要重新裝修了
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Couples
info:3 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted October 19, 2021
msg:丁蜀鎮位置非常好的酒店，紫砂元素融入酒店的每個角落，很好詮釋了紫砂賓館的名頭。一樓大堂很氣派，陳列了好多展櫃，有特色各異的紫砂和瓷器展品，可以飽飽眼福。大堂之外還有好多個紫砂店鋪，對紫砂愛好者來説，可以不出店門就買到心儀的茶器。剛好趕上一個紫砂交流活動，挺熱鬧。
房間：非常大，設施齊備，因為是老牌酒店，沒有太多的時尚元素。樓層在11層，因為周圍沒有高樓，視野特別好。
服務：比較貼心，有問必答，還贈送了水果和小小小的茶寵。
早餐：不得不説早餐品種太豐富了，中西結合外加地方特色。要了現煮的當地面和餛飩，都很好吃。餐廳也很大，服務很及時。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 5, 2023
msg:去宜興經常住的一個賓館。
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Friends
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 28, 2023
msg:乾淨整潔有序
----------------------------------------
name:B‍a‍i‍s‍u‍i‍x‍i‍a‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 13, 2023
msg:老牌酒店，交通方便，來宜興必住。
----------------------------------------
name:L‍u‍n‍t‍a‍t‍a‍i‍-‍s‍u‍e‍r‍s‍a‍i‍w‍e‍i‍s‍u‍o‍z‍h‍a‍n‍g‍j‍u‍z‍h‍e‍n‍g
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Family
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 16, 2024
msg:房間乾淨整潔
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 21, 2023
msg:好，下次還會入住
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 16, 2023
msg:感謝沈美萍女士的熱情幫助
----------------------------------------
name:D‍o‍n‍a‍l‍d‍c‍a‍t‍a‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted November 22, 2021
msg:從這酒店開業到現在 住了很多很多次 畢竟離家很近 但是服務品質越來越差 房間設施也老了 床上用品還有破的 488這個房價在當地已經偏高了 還不如住宜興市裡麪 蠻失望的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Business travelers
info:14 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 12, 2023
msg:酒店出行方便，樓下到處是吃飯的地方，很便利。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 23, 2022
msg:環境不錯，服務也不錯，感謝沈美萍主任的熱情服務
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Couples
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 26, 2023
msg:乾淨衞生，服務態度好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted May 2, 2023
msg:大堂經理沈美萍服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2023
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 3, 2023
msg:不錯，服務蠻好
----------------------------------------
name:P‍a‍t‍r‍i‍c‍k‍_‍N‍G‍_‍H‍_‍B
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in October 2023
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted October 10, 2023
msg:客服服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 18, 2022
msg:老牌酒店，大氣方正，前台小美女熱情細膩。
----------------------------------------
name:c‍h‍e‍s‍t‍e‍r‍_‍t‍s‍a‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2022
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 8, 2022
msg:再次來宜興，還是選擇了紫砂賓館入住…早餐挺不錯的…大堂和前台服務都很到位，送進房間並做介紹…送的水果也不錯，還貼心的放了加濕器…
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Friends
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 17, 2023
msg:李芳服務很好 房間寬敞
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍a‍o‍w‍o‍y‍o‍u‍x‍i‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 11, 2023
msg:經常住，方便，床也很舒服
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in November 2023
info:Business travelers
info:27 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted January 20, 2024
msg:挺好的酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Friends
info:3 Reviews
rating:1
posted:Posted May 5, 2023
msg:李小姐的服務非常好👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted April 6, 2023
msg:李先生服務很不錯，專業
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍i‍b‍o‍g‍u‍i‍h‍e‍x‍i‍a‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 18, 2023
msg:李先生服務很周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Solo travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted May 19, 2023
msg:房間空曠，太冷了。
----------------------------------------
name:H‍e‍g‍o‍n‍g‍f‍u‍c‍h‍a‍d‍e‍g‍o‍n‍g‍f‍u‍x‍i‍o‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Friends
info:6 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted November 22, 2021
msg:雖然酒店是15年裝修的，但是設施都維護的還不錯。特別是浴室的下水很順暢。而且服務特別熱情， 客户關係主任李志非常熱情，有賓至如歸的感覺
----------------------------------------
name:B‍e‍i‍j‍i‍n‍g‍b‍o‍l‍i‍w‍e‍i‍y‍e‍s‍h‍a‍n‍g‍m‍a‍o‍y‍o‍u‍x‍i‍a‍n‍g‍o‍n‍g‍s‍i
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted February 17, 2023
msg:地理位置好，酒店還算不錯
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Family
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 2, 2023
msg:房間很大 丁山比較好的酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted February 12, 2023
msg:房間很大，李芳服務很好。
----------------------------------------
name:C‍h‍e‍n‍g‍l‍i‍d‍e‍y‍e‍w‍a
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 8, 2023
msg:乾淨，舒適，設施新
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Friends
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 17, 2023
msg:酒店不錯，服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:d‍a‍v‍i‍d‍w‍o‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:41 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted March 20, 2023
msg:當地比較老牌的賓館了
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 10, 2021
msg:帶孩子出來旅遊，第一次住紫砂賓館，入住體驗並不是很理想，設施和五星酒店還是有區別，不過服務很專業，在沈經理的熱情接待下，也彌補了酒店的不足，希望酒店以後在各方面都能和五星匹配，祝酒店生意興隆，還是推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:n‍i‍g‍o‍g‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 16, 2023
msg:住得很舒服，好評
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in July 2023
info:Family
info:9 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 16, 2023
msg:服務好沈美萍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Business travelers
info:32 Reviews
rating:4.2
posted:Posted January 1, 2023
msg:硬件尚好，管理鬆懈，早餐單一
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted January 25, 2023
msg:性價比高，房間寬敞明亮
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 16, 2023
msg:服務很好，很乾凈
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:3
posted:Posted October 29, 2022
msg:攜程服務很好，酒店服務很差勁。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Business travelers
info:18 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 30, 2023
msg:環境不錯，周邊配套齊全
----------------------------------------
name:D‍a‍h‍u‍t‍u‍x‍i‍a‍n‍r‍e‍n
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted October 6, 2021
msg:雖然是五星級酒店，但是房間安排，早餐均不行，明明訂的高級標準間，安排到了特惠間，雖然攜程溝通後調整，但是影響了心情
🔔服務：
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
rating:5
posted:Posted April 1, 2023
msg:很好很好很好很好
----------------------------------------
name:C‍h‍a‍n‍g‍s‍u‍i‍f‍o‍x‍u‍e
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted February 19, 2023
msg:整體來説性價比不錯
----------------------------------------
name:A‍P‍1‍9‍8
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:15 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted May 31, 2023
msg:丁山最好的酒店
----------------------------------------
name:T‍a‍i‍y‍a‍n‍g‍s‍h‍u‍a‍n‍g‍z‍i
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Business travelers
info:35 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 19, 2022
msg:地點好，床品舒適，早餐特別好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Couples
info:2 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted February 14, 2023
msg:建議出出新有點老了
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Discount Standard Room
info:25 Reviews
info:Friends
rating:5
posted:Posted July 9, 2021
msg:該酒店服務水準一流。三星標準卻做到了五星級的服務水準。值得商務出差。及休閑旅遊體驗。尤其是前台服務及賓客主任。餐廳經理都是盡心盡傳地做到了精細化為客人服務的宗旨。
----------------------------------------
name:Z‍h‍u‍a‍n‍x‍u‍e‍x‍i‍a‍n‍g‍b‍e‍i‍d‍e‍x‍i‍a‍n‍d‍a‍o
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 29, 2022
msg:整體來説不錯，還送了水果小禮物
----------------------------------------
name:P‍u‍c‍h‍u‍n‍y‍u
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 8, 2023
msg:非常好，謝謝！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:4.7
posted:Posted April 6, 2023
msg:服務熱情周到。
----------------------------------------
name:m‍i‍n‍g‍c‍h‍a‍o‍y‍a‍n
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in June 2023
info:Family
info:19 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted July 10, 2023
msg:路過，路過
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Friends
info:17 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 11, 2022
msg:環境：清晰
衞生：乾淨
交通：方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 21, 2022
msg:性價比高，環境好，房間大。
----------------------------------------
name:H‍e‍h‍e‍h‍a‍h‍a‍h‍e‍i‍h‍e‍i‍y‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Solo travelers
info:79 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted November 6, 2021
msg:餐飲很好，其他都跟一般。客房是快捷酒店的水平，服務也很一般。不過餐飲確實不錯。三星級標準吧。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Family
info:50 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 5, 2022
msg:這家酒店已是再次入住，首先是紫砂這兩個字太重要了，體現丁山地方傳統特色，另外設施、服務都挺不錯的，推薦！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Business travelers
info:13 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted January 8, 2023
msg:性價比低，設施老舊
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted October 3, 2021
msg:一如既往的好，酒店沈經理服務熱情周到，房間很寬敞，國慶假期酒店生意很好，祝酒店生意興隆，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 2, 2023
msg:挺好的值得住
----------------------------------------
name:Q‍i‍n‍g‍p‍e‍n‍g‍l‍i‍l‍i‍n‍f‍u
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2022
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 14, 2022
msg:服務很好，停車方便
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2023
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:3
posted:Posted May 19, 2023
msg:服務不滿意
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Business travelers
info:30 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted November 1, 2021
msg:這家酒店在這個地區還可以，五星級的標準，三星級的餐飲。早餐品種少了一點。別的還好。
----------------------------------------
name:L‍a‍b‍a‍n‍s‍u‍k‍e‍s‍a‍h‍a
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Business travelers
info:48 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 1, 2021
msg:還是一貫的好 踏實 退房時手機忘了 紫砂賓館的沈美萍經理 第一時間幫我找到 十分感謝 服務也很熱情周到 十分推薦 
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 4, 2022
msg:房間超級大，乾淨衞生
----------------------------------------
name:y‍o‍p‍i‍n‍g
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 11, 2021
msg:酒店工作人員李志服務熱情，給人留下深刻印象
酒店自助晚餐不盡如人意，去的比較晚，食物不加了，燒烤工作人員也想盡快下班的樣子
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2022
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 15, 2022
msg:住了好幾天，升級了，房間很大，很好，謝謝沈經廠怪
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2022
info:Solo travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:2.5
posted:Posted October 20, 2022
msg:真的很一般，早飯，房間都不行
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2022
info:Friends
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 31, 2022
msg:酒店軟硬件都很好，周邊也方便
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 26, 2023
msg:當地最好的酒店
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:6 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted July 4, 2021
msg:旅遊到此一住，服務一流，特別是李志看我們年齡大又帶着小孩，一路幫我們提行李送到房間。晚上的自助餐體驗非常好，特別推薦。
----------------------------------------
name:H‍a‍i‍t‍a‍i
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Family
info:68 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 30, 2021
msg:非常有品質的一家酒店，位置也很好！房間燈光都不錯👍
🧹衞生：好乾凈，服務貼心
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 17, 2021
msg:沈美萍經理服務很好，詳細的介紹設施用途與使用方法，住的舒服，各方面俱佳，地理位置優越，五星級服務，下次還會來！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:4.7
posted:Posted January 9, 2023
msg:早餐種類較豐富
----------------------------------------
name:F‍e‍i‍y‍u‍e‍s‍h‍e‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 2, 2023
msg:比較滿意的
----------------------------------------
name:A‍o‍l‍i‍g‍e‍a‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2021
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted September 3, 2021
msg:酒店太棒了！特別舒適！特別是前台沈美萍服務相當好，體貼入微！我爸媽非常滿意這次旅行！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in January 2023
info:Couples
info:27 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted January 25, 2023
msg:酒店安靜很好
----------------------------------------
name:M‍u‍y‍o‍n‍g‍l‍i‍a‍n‍g
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in March 2023
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 17, 2023
msg:經常住這裏
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted October 21, 2021
msg:環境、服務都特別好！賓客部李志服務態度非常好，值得再次入注的酒店！
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in February 2023
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted April 20, 2023
msg:非常好滿意
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted September 14, 2021
msg:大堂經理非常熱情，酒店衞生很好，環境也很好很安靜
🚗 交通：方便
🧹衞生：乾淨
🍃環境：安靜
🔔服務：一流
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Friends
info:16 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted November 3, 2021
msg:浴缸下水打不開，電動窗簾無法操作，總體設備感覺維護不是很好。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2022
info:Business travelers
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 19, 2022
msg:性價比高，服務好
----------------------------------------
name:q‍0‍4‍2‍9
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2022
info:Business travelers
info:30 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 21, 2022
msg:挺好的，滿意。
----------------------------------------
name:C‍h‍a‍n‍x‍i‍a‍o
info:Deluxe Executive Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Family
info:14 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted September 12, 2022
msg:位置較好 出行方便
----------------------------------------
name:Q‍i‍n‍g‍l‍i‍a‍n‍g‍f‍e‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Friends
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 18, 2022
msg:房間大，裝修一般般
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 4, 2021
msg:酒店很不錯，應該是當地最好的了。尤其是服務相當滿意，特別感謝李志的周到服務。下次出差過來還會選擇
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍z‍h‍i‍q‍i‍a‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2022
info:Business travelers
info:52 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 14, 2022
msg:不錯很好很好！！！！！
----------------------------------------
name:b‍o‍n‍n‍i‍e
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in September 2021
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted February 27, 2022
msg:紫砂剛開業的時候全是丁山最好的酒店了，不過這兩年服務越來越不行了
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted August 17, 2022
msg:環境一流，服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:w‍u‍7‍9
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Business travelers
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 14, 2022
msg:很好的，很不錯的
----------------------------------------
name:r‍o‍b‍i‍n‍s‍o‍n‍w‍o‍o‍j
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2022
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:4.5
posted:Posted March 25, 2022
msg:隔音有點差，早餐真心一般，其他還行
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2021
info:Family
info:13 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted October 7, 2021
msg:帶女兒來參加丁蜀鎮紫砂陶藝課的實踐，特地提前入住，酒店比較大氣，雖然年代有了，但是不陳舊，還送了陶瓷小豬。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Friends
info:13 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted June 17, 2021
msg:也許是訂的特惠 ，差強人意比周邊性價比萊説，早餐可以的，下次不會再選擇的，僅供參考
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in August 2022
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 16, 2022
msg:不錯，服務沒得説
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 2, 2021
msg:房間很大，還準備了水果，服務很好，特別是前台李先生，還帶我們上樓，非常周到
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Friends
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 10, 2021
msg:酒店大堂沈經理服務態度很熱情 有耐心 下次好久選擇紫砂賓館入住 
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2021
info:Friends
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 20, 2021
msg:酒店不錯，乾淨、衞生、整潔，寬敞舒適，服務較好！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2021
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 4, 2021
msg:🔔服務：好
🚗 交通：好
🧹衞生：好
🍃環境：好
----------------------------------------
name:Y‍e‍b‍a‍i‍h‍e‍y‍e‍y‍o‍u‍c‍h‍u‍n‍t‍i‍a‍n‍.‍z‍z‍z‍Z‍Z
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in June 2022
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 17, 2022
msg:酒店不錯，態度好
----------------------------------------
name:m‍o‍s‍e‍s‍X
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 6, 2021
msg:酒店位置不錯，建築大氣，客户經理李芳服務熱情到位，贊一個
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 24, 2021
msg:房間很大，略陳舊，但服務沒得説，家庭出遊不錯的選擇！
----------------------------------------
name:M‍a‍p‍o‍d‍o‍n‍g‍z‍h‍u‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2022
info:Business travelers
info:35 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 17, 2022
msg:酒店裝修漂亮，熱情大方
----------------------------------------
name:y‍o‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 27, 2021
msg:非常不錯，李芳接待服務不錯👍👍👍
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2022
info:Other
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 25, 2022
msg:非常適合住
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2021
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:4
posted:Posted December 5, 2021
msg:大概相當於四星，比普通三星強點
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2022
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 1, 2022
msg:酒店設施齊全
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2022
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 3, 2022
msg:給李芳評5星
----------------------------------------
name:F‍e‍i‍y‍u‍m‍i‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in December 2021
info:Business travelers
info:11 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 10, 2021
msg:感謝餐廳的熱心服務，！！！
----------------------------------------
name:W‍u‍x‍i‍a‍o‍x‍i‍n
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2022
info:Business travelers
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 16, 2022
msg:住宿環境不錯
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Other
info:13 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 4, 2021
msg:送的紫砂小豬很好玩，古典的藝術風格，早餐不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍a‍o‍h‍u‍g‍e‍g‍e‍b‍e‍i‍j‍i‍n‍g
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Business travelers
info:253 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted December 1, 2021
msg:在宜興位置優越，服務優良熱情好客
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 11, 2021
msg:服務態度很好，尤其賓館的李先生，熱情周到。
----------------------------------------
name:n‍d‍c‍8‍9‍9‍9
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Business travelers
info:12 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 10, 2021
msg:環境整體不錯，設施齊全，也很符合防疫標準，不錯
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Other
info:2 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted October 5, 2021
msg:國慶假期人很多，但服務還不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 22, 2021
msg:大堂經理李先生服務到位，酒店乾淨衞生。
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 14, 2021
msg:總體滿意！點名表揚李先生，服務熱情周到！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2022
info:Family
info:8 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted February 4, 2022
msg:與網上五鑽不符。
----------------------------------------
name:D‍o‍n‍g‍t‍i‍a‍n‍d‍e‍h‍o‍n‍g‍m‍u‍m‍i‍a‍n
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted November 16, 2021
msg:環境不錯，衞生乾淨！
----------------------------------------
name:x‍w‍y‍1‍8
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Business travelers
info:8 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted November 11, 2021
msg:管家芳芳服務熱情到位
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Solo travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:4.7
posted:Posted January 15, 2022
msg:環境還可以 位置好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in February 2022
info:Business travelers
info:6 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted March 21, 2022
msg:好，環境不錯
----------------------------------------
name:Q‍i‍n‍g‍c‍o‍n‍g‍s‍u‍i‍y‍u‍e
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 21, 2021
msg:李芳服務特別到位，很温馨的感覺
----------------------------------------
name:W‍u‍q‍i
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Business travelers
info:7 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted July 8, 2021
msg:前台有個叫李芳的服務態度挺好
----------------------------------------
name:O‍c‍e‍a‍n‍l‍i
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Other
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted August 4, 2021
msg:酒店沈小姐服務好，推薦酒店
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍a‍o‍m‍a
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Business travelers
info:12 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 12, 2021
msg:環境不錯，李先生也很熱心接待
----------------------------------------
name:J‍u‍n‍m‍a‍c‍h‍e‍n‍x‍i
info:Superior Executive Double Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted August 17, 2021
msg:非常好，有機會還要住這！
----------------------------------------
name:A‍z‍h‍u‍g‍e‍l‍i‍a‍n‍g‍j‍i‍n‍g‍j‍i‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in March 2021
info:Other
info:13 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted July 22, 2021
msg:挺棒的，房間挺大，乾淨，床墊睡的舒服
----------------------------------------
name:L‍a‍o‍g‍u‍a‍i‍T‍V‍T
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2021
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 13, 2021
msg:很滿意，設施方便，服務到位！
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Friends
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 4, 2021
msg:李芳服務不錯，會再次入住
----------------------------------------
name:A‍n‍o‍n‍y‍m‍o‍u‍s‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in September 2021
info:Business travelers
info:5 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted September 11, 2021
msg:李志經理服務態度好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted October 12, 2021
msg:乾淨衞生 服務好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Parent-child Themed Room
info:Stayed in October 2021
info:Family
info:5 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted January 4, 2022
msg:環境服務都很好👍
----------------------------------------
name:L‍u‍s‍o‍n‍g‍z‍i‍s‍h‍a
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in December 2021
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted December 28, 2021
msg:各方面都滿意
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in May 2021
info:Other
info:10 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 20, 2021
msg:位置有點偏，但是酒店環境很好
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍n‍g‍s‍h‍u‍i‍l‍i‍u‍s‍h‍e‍n‍x‍i‍a‍o‍w‍a‍n‍g‍z‍i
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in September 2021
info:Friends
info:6 Reviews
rating:3.7
posted:Posted October 28, 2021
msg:馬馬虎虎馬馬虎虎
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in November 2021
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted November 25, 2021
msg:酒店挺安靜的
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Double Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Other
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 13, 2021
msg:李先生不錯，服務周到
----------------------------------------
name:S‍o‍u‍h‍u‍n‍v‍w‍a‍n‍g
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in April 2021
info:Other
info:57 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 30, 2021
msg:房間乾淨，整潔不錯。
----------------------------------------
name:R‍e‍n‍s‍h‍e‍n‍g‍y‍o‍u‍m‍e‍n‍g
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Business travelers
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 2, 2021
msg:位置佳環境衞生
----------------------------------------
name:S‍a‍n‍n‍i‍a‍n‍z‍h‍i‍l‍v
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Business travelers
info:24 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 26, 2021
msg:服務非常滿意
----------------------------------------
name:X‍i‍a‍o‍x‍i‍a‍o‍j‍i‍e‍m‍o
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in March 2021
info:Other
info:13 Reviews
rating:3
posted:Posted July 6, 2021
msg:隔音不好 服務一般
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2021
info:Other
info:4 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 24, 2021
msg:李先生服務很好
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Family
info:3 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 15, 2021
msg:領班服務不錯
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Business travelers
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted June 12, 2021
msg:非常好的體驗
----------------------------------------
name:J‍i‍n‍g‍l‍i‍w‍e‍n‍x‍i‍a‍h‍o‍u‍b‍a
info:Superior  Double  Room
info:Stayed in June 2021
info:Business travelers
info:159 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted June 11, 2021
msg:服務好房間大
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Superior Standard Room
info:Stayed in July 2021
info:Family
info:1 Review
rating:5
posted:Posted July 11, 2021
msg:房間比較大
----------------------------------------
name:G‍u‍e‍s‍t‍ ‍U‍s‍e‍r
info:Deluxe Standard Room
info:Stayed in May 2021
info:Business travelers
info:4 Reviews
rating:4
posted:Posted July 20, 2021
msg:鬧中 取靜
----------------------------------------
name:R‍i‍b‍e‍n‍k‍e‍h‍u
info:Discount Standard Room
info:Stayed in January 2021
info:Other
info:28 Reviews
rating:5
posted:Posted July 10, 2021
msg:非常乾淨整潔
----------------------------------------
